Combined Text Files 
Created on Thu 05/15/2025 at  6:23:00.09 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 1: 12-yr-olds 
---------------------------------------- 
From: anne018bi@aol.com (Anne018bi)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: 12 yr olds (f/f,mast,true)
Date: 7 Oct 1995 00:23:01 -0400
Organization: America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Lines: 182
Message-ID: <454vb5$3du@newsbf02.news.aol.com>
Reply-To: anne018bi@aol.com (Anne018bi)

Now, don't hold me to any dates or ages.  I'm going to fix my age
to 12 and the time to the summer of 1990.  Also, the events will not
necessarily be in the proper order.  The facts will be as accurate as
my memory will allow.  The names will not be changed to protect the
guilty!  I will need to set up the scene some:
	Back in the 1980's my folks had a "summer house" in Spring 
Lake, Michigan.  The house was on the lake, and the lake had access
to Lake Michigan via the Grand River.  Look on a map, Central West
Michigan just north of Holland.  We had 3 boats, a 21' cabin cruiser
with 2 40 horsepower outboards, a 12' Boston Whaler with a 40 hp. 
outboard, and a sailboat (butterfly class).  I raced the sailboat once
on Wed. and twice on both Sat. & Sun.  I spent 3 summers here, and
many week-ends during the school year.  We sold the house a few years
ago, but I still go there to visit as often as I can.
	I had 3 girlfriends; Tommy, Laura, and Terry.  Tommy (I usually
call her Tom) was my next door neighbor and still is my best friend.
Laura & Terry are sisters and lived 4 houses over.  Tom is one year 
younger than myself, Terry is about my age, and Laura is about 2 years
older.  Tommy & I spent the whole summers together except from Sat.
sundown to Sun. evening (she is a Dutch Reform & they can't do ANYTHING
during that time except sit & pray & go to church).  When we got bored,
we got Terry & Laura.  We spent much of the time water-skiing, driving
the boat to town, and swimming.  I slept in the boat almost every night
and Tommy joined me much of the time.  There were 2 boys (Tom & Stu) in
the neighborhood.  They were real pests, peeking in our windows and
playing
tricks on us.  Typical 12 year old boys.... enough set-up.

	Tommy and I were excited that we got the magazine.  She didn't 
think that I would do it.  It was easy.  I just put the Hustler inside
the over-size Life Magazine, and the lady didn't need to touch it when
she rang it up.  Now, sitting in the boat, we had it open to the nicest
picture.
	"How can these great looking women pose for pictures like that?"
Tommy says, looking at a picture of a lady with all of her private parts
showing.  "I would just die if someone was looking at pictures of me like 
that!"  We examine the picture very closely.  She has really big breasts 
and she is holding both of them up like a bra would.  She is sitting with
her knees apart and her pussy in all it's color is in full view!
	"I can see some wetness down there." I say, pointing at her pussy.
"I think it makes her excited, having her picture took like that!"  My 
little cunt begins to stir and I become flushed.  I wonder if Tom is
feeling
the same.  I turn the pages until I stop at a picture of a women with her
finger half inside the lips of her pussy.  "Oh! look at her!"  I scratch
some kind of a itch on my pussy threw my pj's and Tom catches me.
	"This getting to you?" she asks. "Maybe we better take a dip?"
We slip out of our night cloths and open the cabin door.  It's a nice warm
evening and the moon is full.  We look up at our houses and see that they
are both dark.  I figure that it's not quite midnight and few boats will
be out on the lake.  We hop on the dock and look at the water.  The air
feels great on my nude body, but the water looks dark and cold.  I climb
on the piling and grab the flag pole.  From here it's a nice 6 foot dive
to the water.  I want to make my first crash into the water a great one.
So
I stand on one leg, hold the flag pole with my right hand, and stick my 
other arm and leg out as far as I could.  
	"Watch this!"  Tommy, right under me looks up and her eyes land 
right on my crotch!  She remains focused there for a moment, and I feel 
those juices stirring again.  I let go of the flag pole and perform a 
sloppy dive.  Tom jumps in after me.  The water feels not only great but 
very sensual on my naked body and I begin thinking about Tommy in a very 
different way.  We both have the same kind of bodies. We are skinny, hair-
less, and little boobies just starting their journey outward.  I wonder
if she plays with her cunny like I sometimes do.  I wonder if I should
try to find out.  I'm afraid that I'd get really embarrassed or that she
might
think that I'm wierd.
	A half hour later we were sitting and air-drying on the floor in 
the stern of the boat.  I was leaning back with my arms resting on my 
upturned knees and I notice Tom looking at my crotch again!  "Do you think
I have a neat looking cunt?" I ask.
	Tom looks up and acts embarrassed that she was caught.  "You have
the nicest looking pussy I've ever seen!"  Like she's seen a lot!   "How 
about mine?" she says as she pulls her knees apart.  She is sitting in a 
dark corner, away from the moon's light, so I move in for a closer look.
I can see the beginnings of her pubic hair, but it's essentially hairless.
Her clit is sticking out of the folds of skin and her slit is most
definitely
damp.  Using her right hand, she separates the folds around her clit with
two fingers.  I see that it is swollen and very moist.  
	"This is turning you on, isn't it?" I ask, "I'm feeling something 
too!"
	"Ya!  Lets go into the cabin where it's totally private.  Maybe we
can compare cunts!"  We seat ourselves in the cabin on cushions and face
each 
other.  The light in the boat cabin is bright compared to the moonlight
outside.
We position our pussy's facing each other about a half a foot apart and
begin our examination.  "Open yourself up like this." Tom, using both
hands
this time, opens all of her pussy lips.  Her skin is white and inside her
pussy, it's very wet and dark pink.  She watched as I do the same.  "My 
button is bigger than yours but it looks like your slit is longer."  
	"But, I'm just as wet as you!" I interrupt.  "Watch this!"  I
slowly
slip a finger into my pussy and move it in and out.  I've done this
before,
but it feels a lot better with Tom watching me.  I close my eyes and
continue
slowly finger fuck myself for a few moments.
	Tommy breaks my concentration with "Can I try that!?"  I expect
her
to begin working on her own pussy, but instead, she slides her finger into
me!  After the shock wears off, I relax and concentrate on the feeling of 
someone else stimulating me.  She slowly finger fucks me just as I was 
doing.  At one point, she stops with her finger all the way inside and
begins
bending and turning her finger around.  Just as I feel the familiar quiver

in the walls of my pussy start, she removes her finger.  "Here, now you do
me!"
	My voice is weak from the near orgasm and abrupt stop, "OK, lie
back
and let me have at you!"  I figure that Tommy didn't know what she was
creating inside me.  She surely must have never frigged herself all the
way
to orgasm before, or she would have tried to get me off.  Well, I guess 
she is going to have a surprise!  I sit on my hip to her left side and
begin
by rubbing her whole crotch with the palm of my left hand.  I move my hand
in circles and push gently down.  She begins to move her lower body up and
down.  I hear a small grunt from her.  With my right hand, I relieve her
clit from the folds of skin and move some moisture up from her cunny onto
her little swollen clit.  With the finger of my right hand, I begin by 
lightly rubbing the very top of her button.  She begins to squirm a bit.  
Then I circle it around and around, and then quickly flick the top again.
I feel her hand on my arm, trying to push me away.  She must be very
sensitive
right now.  I hear a little giggle come from her.  So I move my finger
down
and slide it into her very wet passage.  I slide it out, and then using
two
fingers, begin to slowly finger-fuck her.
	"Oooh!  That's nice!"  Tom's chest is heaving as she speaks.  
"Faster!" she pleads.  I pick up the pace and begin to rub her clit with
my other hand.  "Mmmmm!"  She is really squirming around now. I feel a
great
deal of juice gathering around my two fingers.  I continue working on her.
After a minute or two, her upper torso lifts up, her eyes are close
tightly,
and her mouth opens.  I feel her pussy walls contract and much more
wetness
comes out onto my hand as I pump in and out.  Then I feel it begin to
spasm.  
"Oh! Oooo! Eeee! Ah! no, no, YES! No, stop"  Her knees come together and
she 
lowers her legs trying to push my hand out, but I just stop plunging and
keep 
my two fingers buried deep in her.  I feel the contractions slow down and 
then stop, so I begin again to slowly move them a short distance in and
out.
She squirms and giggles, "No, no, stop OK?"  When I sit back up and look
at
her she asks, "What was that??? Wow!"
	"You came!  You had an orgasm."  I'm unconsciously fingering
myself
as I talk.  "I've been making myself do that for a while already."  I'm 
really wet and flushed.  My nipples are hard.  "Now, you do it to me, OK?"
	Tom kneels between my legs as I settle back on a pillow.  I'm 
really hot and ready for some fun and I wonder if her inexperience will
hinder my adventure.  I close my eyes, "OK, let's see what you can do for
me!"  My stomach gets butterflies because I know that she is examining my
pussy in every detail.  I feel the back of her fingers rubbing up and down
my wet slit.  A finger slides down the slit and back up to my clit.  It
hits it sharply and I jerk a bit.  "Are you teasing me, Tom?  Hurry up,
I'm
going nuts here!"  I wiggle my butt down into the cushion and grab my
knees 
opening myself up as much as possible.  I feel two hands now, one knuckle
is
spinning on my butt hole, and the other hand is  sticking it's two fingers
into 
me.  She slides them in very easily. Once in, she turns them 180 degrees
around and back for a while.  Then the in and out motion starts.  Her
other
hands finds my clit.  She's doing me now exactly like I did to her, good
girl!  My orgasm rockets through out my body.  The pleasure is tremendous.
It's much better than when I do it myself!  We are both wondering to 
ourselves if we are now lesbians.

			PART 2 ??
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 2: a-girls-story 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 30 Sep 2022 03:13:41 +0000 (UTC)
From: Cindy Manning <cattingcindy@yahoo.com>
Subject: A Girl's Story - Junior High Years

This is a work of fiction.  That said it probably tracks closely with what
many girls experienced coming of age in the early 1990's and discovering
their sexuality.  This is a story told by a girl beginning in the summer
after her 7th grade year and goes to the end of her 9th grade year.  There
is frequent exuberant but awkward sex between eagerly consenting girls.
The narrator does break the fourth wall sometimes so if that annoys you
please go no further.  If you like it, please let me know and if you don't
like it just spare my feelings and don't tell me.  cattingcindy@yahoo.com

Part 1: The Beginning

Our story begins in a small city in Central Illinois.  Not a small town,
but with many of the annoying attitudes found in a small town.  The story
begins in the late-1980's when I entered junior high school, in a time when
almost all queer people were so far in the closet we could see Narnia.
This story will skip lots of the awkward fumbling and trying to decide
whether to open up to another girl when you know that coming out to the
wrong person could be devastating and possibly physically dangerous.  It
was hard for us girls.  For guys the risks were much greater, so I have
been told, and for trans folks it was an absolute living hell.

I knew that I had feelings for girls that were different than the feeling I
had for boys and all that intensified as I began to develop physically.
So, what got me started?  Well dear reader, I begins with basically two
things: discovering masturbation at the end of 6th grade and professional
women's wrestling, specifically discovering the most beautiful woman I had
even seen.  Cowgirl Wendi Richter.  To say I felt of tingling in my pussy
whenever I saw her on TV is to put it mildly.  I fantasized relentlessly
about being in the ring with her and with me somehow getting my hands on
those amazing firm tits.  Who knows, maybe she might even kiss me.  All
through 7th grade I watched WWF wrestling every week in hopes of seeing
her.  I rented the first Wrestlemania videotape (yes, this was in the days
of tape and we even had a Betamax) and I watched her win the title over and
over, riding on my big stuffed turtle and grinding my pussy against it.  I
watched the video of Cyndi Lauper's "She Bop" just to see Wendi (I loved
the song even more when another girl told me what it was about).

All this went on in my head.  7th grade girls in rural America didn't talk
about being a lesbian (yeah, I knew what I was by now) and you certainly
didn't tell anyone else.  Once you got branded a "lesbo" or a "dyke"
socially you were done, and you became target #1 for every mean girl in the
school.  So I kept it inside.  I had a collection of magazines with
pictures of Wendi and I would lay in bed rubbing my pussy (I had a little
brown hair down there by now) and playing with my barely golf ball-sized
boobs.  I had some friends in the neighborhood, but other girls didn't care
about pro wrestling and I didn't care about clothes and makeup, to say
nothing of boys.

In the spring of that year I was prowling about garage sales looking for
books.  We had done a unit in English on science fiction and I was hooked
(thanks Mr. Walters!) and beat-up Asimov and Niven novels cold be had
cheap.  At one sale there was a box of magazines and I realized it was
copies of Sports Review Wrestling going back at least 10 years, maybe more.
Maybe there would be articles about Wendi!  Maybe pictures of my perfect
woman!  Maybe once of those pictures would show more of her glorious ass!
Yeah, my imagination ran wild.  For $10 the kid taking the money let me
have all of them and I took them hope, balanced precariously on my bicycle.

Sitting in my room I looked through my haul.  I knew my parents would not
approve, they didn't really approve of anything "worldly" and certainly
would blow a gasket if they knew their middle child was a lesbian (I have a
brother who is 5 years older than me and a sister who is 2 years younger).
Anyway, I am flipping through the magazines, my hand going into my pajamas
every time I see one of the wrestlers that I was in love with, two fingers
inside when it was Wendi and I come across an article of something I had
never heard of before.  It was, as I can say now, terribly written story
about something called Apartment House Wrestling.  Truly beautiful girls
wrestling in bikinis!  Showing off so much of their amazing bodies.
Flipping through those photos I had the most towering orgasm of my young
life and had anyone walked into my room at the moment they would have been
sure I was having a seizure.  Then, to make it all better, there were
copies of a magazine called Battling Girls and in some of those the girls
wrestled NAKED!  I fingered myself until my pussy was raw.  All the way at
the bottom there were a few copies of a nudie magazine called Cavalier.
These were actual lesbians wrestling and fucking! My life was now perfect.
I hid the box in the corner of my closet and I became what could be best
described as a chronic masturbator.  Now I needed a girlfriend.

At the beginning of the school year I connected with a neighbor, Melinda.
She was a little smaller than me, I was a tall girl even then, but her
boobs were developing faster than mine.  I had known her, and her sister
Cheryl, for a long time but they went to a different school, so I was never
close to them.  But their school only went to the 6th grade so she came to
junior high with me.  We began walking to school, sometimes riding our
bicycles, and we did have several classes together.  Melinda was a pretty
girl and she had curves in the right places.  I felt pretty tingly when I
was around her but of course I didn't say or do anything because the risk
of being wrong was too terrible to imagine.

In the spring we both joined the softball team (A lesbian playing softball?
Who could imagine such of thing!).  I was growing big for my age, but I was
certainly not agile or graceful.  Our coaches, who were mostly college
students plus a few high school players, decided I would do the least
damage as catcher.  Surprisingly I actually became a pretty good player.
Melinda was a much faster runner and she was absolutely fearless when the
ball was coming at her, so she played shortstop.  We would sit or stand in
the dugout when our team was batting, and I noticed when there was a close
play she would grab my hand.  Her hand was really warm, and I would
immediately feel my nipples hardening.  After a few times I took her hand
first.  As the end of the school year approached so did our final game.  In
a scene right out of some cheesy baseball movie we were up by one in the
top of the 7th (softball games are 7 innings) with one out.  A girl on the
other team hit a hard grounder right to Melinda.  She scoops it up and
throws it straight to me, hard.  I caught the ball (damn did it sting!) and
tagged out the runner. The next girl up popped up the second pitch and I
caught that, ending the game.  I was surrounded in a big group hug and
Melinda made it to the middle of the scrum and kissed me hard on the mouth.
It was quick, but I practically orgasmed on the spot.  As we walked home,
holding hands, I decided it was time to address the issue.

"So, Melinda, that kiss."  "Yeah," she said, "That was a thing.  Did I
gross you out?"  "No way!  I liked it.  Did you like it?"  "I did.  Want to
do it again?"  "Hell yes I do!  But let's find a place a bit more private."
"My mom's not home from work.  Let's stop at my house."

And so we went to her house and went straight to the basement TV room.  As
soon as she closed the door she was all over me, kissing me, sliding her
tongue into her mouth.  She had to stand on her toes to reach my mouth
because I was about 3 inches taller than her.  I pulled her down onto the
couch and so she was on top of me, kissing me wildly and I slide my hands
over her amazing, chubby butt.  I could feel her hard nipples rubbing on
mine and I could feel my pussy tingling.  She was moaning louder and
suddenly her body went stiff.  She has orgasmed right on top of me!  My
time came seconds later as we both lay there I realized my hands we inside
her jeans kneading her butt and her hand was in my jeans (and inside my
panties) rubbing my little bush.  We looked at each other, each waiting for
the other to talk.  "So does this make us lesbian girlfriends?" I asked "I
think it does."  "Would you like to spend the night at my house on Friday.
We could watch wrestling."  I had shared my obsession with wrestling and
with Wendi Richter with Melinda and she still talked to me and I took that
as a positive sign.  "That sounds cool.  I'll ask my mom and let you know."
"Neat!  I need to go home before my folks worry about me."  She kissed me
hard and let me up, licking her fingers in an unspeakably sexy way.

I got home and my mom was making dinner.  "You're later than usual Cindy."
"I stopped off at Melinda's on the way home.  Would it be OK if she spent
the night on Friday?"  I was absolutely sure that everyone in the kitchen
could see the wet spot on my jeans spreading from my pussy.  "If it's OK
with her mom it's fine with me."  "Cool! Thanks! Can we sleep down in the
TV room?" I was practically shaking with excitement, even though I was sure
everyone could see it.

When Friday finally came Melinda knocked on the door right after dinner.
She had her cute pink duffel bag and looked absolutely adorable.  She came
in, talked with my parents and my sister (Janet) and we went down to watch
TV.  (My brother, Rob, was way too cool to even notice us little girls) We
held hands and watched movies, quickly scooting apart when we could hear my
mom coming down with sodas and popcorn.  About 10 everyone was off to bed
and our real fun began

We started off watching a recording I had made of Wendi Richter wrestling
Lelani Kai, each of us with our hands on the others pussy.  Then I brought
out the Battling Girls and Cavalier magazines and we really started rubbing
each other.

"So babe, you want to wrestle for real?" I asked, practically panting.
"That sounds fun.  Are we going to wear our pajamas?"  OK, I thought, time
to make your move girl.  "Let's do it like the Apartment House girls and
wrestle naked."  "I like that." She said with a smile as she pulled her top
off, revealing breasts about the size of tennis balls cut in half and dark
brown nipples.  She wriggled out of her shorts, so I got to see her dark
black bush with her pussy peeking out.  Getting to me feet I decided to try
to be as sexy as I could.  I danced around like what I had seen of dancers
in movies.  I pulled off my top slowly, my breasts just a little smaller
than Melinda's with rock hard pink nipples.  I turned around so she could
see my butt, with my pussy peeking out, as I bent over to get my shorts
out.  I turned around rubbing my light brown bush which was already wet.

We each paraded around the room, like we would on TV.  We stood almost nose
to nose, our naked bodies inches apart.  We counted together,
"3. 2. 1. Fight!"  We wrapped our arms around each other, our little tits
mashed together as we struggled to get the other to the floor.  I finally
got Melinda on the floor.

We rolled around our naked bodies mashed together.  We both knew that the
moves we watched on TV required a lot of training and practice so this was
very much more a giggling kitten fight rather than any sort of real
wrestling.  I tried to do like my idol Wendi and smother Melinda with my
boobs but when you are barely an A cup that really doesn't work.  We
exchanged headlocks, each getting in some good boob bites, but I finally
got Melinda in a body scissors.  She gave up pretty quick and looked at me.
"I'm all yours baby, do whatever you want to me."  "Oh, I will sweetie, I
will."  I spread her legs wide, opening up her wet pussy to me.  I slid two
fingers in her, pumping them in and out slowly.  I leaned down and gently
bit on of her hard nipples, tugging on it with my teeth.  Melinda bit her
hand to keep from moaning too loud as my fingers pistoned in and out of her
wet, pink little pussy.  I leaned down, biting at her nipples again as my
fingers worked over her tight hole.  Then, with a sudden sucking in of air,
he entire body went stiff and I could feel the juices leaking from her
pussy.  I gathered her up kissing her hard, holding her naked body tight.
We laid on the couch, both breathing hard, to recover from our match.

After a few minutes Melinda looked over at me, her hand still rubbing my
wet bush, "You want to go again?"  "That's a silly question babe, of course
I do."  "This time let's start on our hands and knees, so you aren't
towering over me."  I hardly "towered" over her, I was maybe 2 inches
taller.  "Fair enough baby"

Down on our hands and knees, our little boobs jiggling as we moved around,
we lunged at each other like two animals.  This time we were much more
primal.  Lots of boob and pussy grabbing, even some biting and belly
slapping.  We rolled on the floor, I struggled to try to get her in another
body scissors, but she had me figured out.  She got me in weird in a sort
of figure 4 with her legs around my neck.  I started feeling dizzy and I
knew I couldn't escape so I slapped the floor in submission.

Melinda sat on the floor, leaned back against the couch with her legs open
wide.  "Come and get it sweetie." She said with a lascivious smile.  I
decided to try some things I had seen in the magazines.  I crawled over to
her, trying to be as sexy as possible.  I got between her legs and spread
her lips and started licking.  Remember dear reader, neither of us really
knew what we were doing.  We had no idea how our bodies worked, just what
felt good.  I started licking her wet, pink pussy, the dark black fur
tickling my nose as I devoured her.  I had to hold tight to her hips as she
thrashed around.  When she orgasmed, her legs clenched tight and I thought
she might pop my head like a watermelon.

She lay back, panting.  "Oh shit baby!  Two out of three?"

I nodded enthusiastically, and we got back on our hands and knees.  On the
count of three we lunged at each other, getting a little rougher this time.
We grabbed each other's nipples, twisting them, both of us almost in tears.
I finally managed to push back on her and get her on her back.  I got on
top of her, my wet pussy rubbing her soft tummy, and twisted her dark
nipples hard until she slapped the floor in surrender.  I decided to go for
what I had seen in the magazines and straddled her head, lowering my pussy
until it was brushing her lips.  Melinda, horny little bitch that she was,
began pushing her tongue deep inside me and I had to cover my mouth with
both hands to keep my squeals from being heard upstairs.  When I got off
her, her hair and face were wet with my juices.  I spent a few minutes
licking her face and boobs before we cuddled up under the blanket,
exhausted.  Fortunately, we woke up before my mom came down to check on us
for breakfast, so we had our pajamas back on.

From then on we fucked as often as we could.  We learned more and more
wrestling moves and we steadily got rougher with each other, enjoying every
of it.  My next revelation came after Christmas break.

Part 2: An interesting twist in the tale

I was left on my own for Christmas break.  Melinda, her sister Cheryl, and
their mom all went to visit family in St. Louis.  This left me watching my
WWF tapes, wearing out my magazines and masturbating relentlessly until I
was at the point that I could barely pee.

When Melinda got home I went over to her house as soon as I had the chance
and we knew we would have time alone.  When I knocked on the door she
opened it, hiding behind the door.  When she closed the door I figured out
why she hid behind the it, she was already naked!  She stripped me out of
my clothes and proceeded to start rubbing my pussy.  We had rubbed each
other many times before, but this was different.  She touched my pussy in a
way I had never experienced before.  Looking back, Melinda had discovered
the clitoris and she made the most of her new knowledge.  I collapsed on
the floor, right there by the front door, my naked body shaking.  She
pulled me up to my shaky feet and took me into her bedroom, threw my on the
bed and proceeded to devour my pussy while at the same time pinching my
hard nipples.

We both enjoyed fucking each other, but this was a new girl.  She was
fucking me like it was a contest she was determined to win.  Each orgasm I
had was more violent than the last one and I think I kicked her in the
stomach as the third one sent me into one of my almost-seizures.  We she
rolled on her back I dove in to go to work on her clit in my determination
to give her as many orgasms as she gave me.  After her first one she rolled
over on her belly and breathily asked "Lick my butthole Cindy!".  I had
never done this before so I went right to it, sending her over into another
orgasm.  I was fingering her pussy and ass when I looked up and, to my
shock and surprise, saw her little sister Cheryl watching us.  She was
naked and was energetically fingering her hairless pussy.

"Um, Melinda, did you know Cheryl is watching us?"

Melinda rolled over and motioned Cheryl to join us on the bed.  "Cindy,
I've got something to tell you and I am pretty sure you are going to like
it.  Over Christmas I learned our cousin Jennifer (she was 19 at the time)
is also a lesbian and she has been fucking Cheryl for several years now."

I had never really looked at Cheryl, she was my girlfriend's little sister
after all.  But now with her sitting naked I realized Melinda was not the
only beauty in the family.  Melinda had dark hair and a complexion often
referred to as "olive" (she took after her dad) while Cheryl was pale and
blonde.  Looking over at her little boobs and her patch of almost white
pubic hair.  Now I was really enjoying the thought of fucking both sisters.

Cheryl looked at me.  "Jennifer likes rough sex.  She fucked me really hard
and I liked it.  I guess I'm what you call a pain slut.  You know what I
want?  I want to fight you while Melinda watches.  I want you to hurt me.
I want to scream when you take me like the nasty little cunt I am."

Now I was aroused but also a bit taken aback.  On the one hand a genuine
fight made me quite wet and tingly but on the other hand I didn't want to
really hurt her or even leave her all bruised up, which would bring about
some uncomfortable questions when her mom got home.  I had some idea what a
Domme is, but this was the first time I had ever heard someone begging for
pain.  To this day I am not a good dominant, I just can't maintain the
attitude for very long.

"I think I will just do this my own way," I announced with a very horny
smile.  I grabbed Cheryl by her blonde hair and pulled her across my lap,
her bubble butt ripe and ready.  I began spanking her, quickly turning her
cute butt cheeks bright pink.  After about 10 swats I could feel her pussy
juice on my thighs and I was worked up by now.  I looked over and Melinda
had two fingers up inside her pussy, masturbating furiously as she watched
me spank her baby sister.  In my best mean girl voice I ordered Cheryl to
roll over and she did.  She tried to rub her pussy, but I slapped her hand
away and went to work on her pale pink nipples, pinching and tugging on
them, stretching her little boobs out from her chest.  After a minute or
two of this I left go, raised my left fist and then brought it down hard on
her stretched out belly.  She squealed, a combination of pain and pleasure,
and actually peed a little on me.  I grabbed her wet pussy and pushed two
fingers in as far as I could, feeling her muscles tense as I did.

"Please Cindy, hit me again!", she hissed as she quivered with pleasure.
This time I used both fists, bringing them down hard.  She thrashed so hard
as she climaxed she rolled off my lap and onto the floor.

Getting into my new role, and getting pretty wet in the process, I looked
over at Melinda.  Still using my mean girl voice I tell Melinda to pick her
up and put her in a full nelson.  Melinda, close to orgasming herself, did
as I said, exposing Cheryl's delightful nude body.  I began punching her
stomach like it was a punching bag.  Cheryl was now having one orgasm after
another to the point there was a little puddle on the floor (good thing
there wasn't carpet).  For my final trick I look at her, "Do you think that
slutty little cunt of yours is ready to be kicked?"

She nodded vigorously, "Oh fuck yes Cindy, kick me in my fucking cunt!"

This girl is a total freak, I thought to myself.  Stepping back, I came at
her, giving her my best gym class kickball kick right in her pussy.
Melinda dropped her and stood in front of me, legs spread wide.  "Do me!  I
want to feel it too!"

Love is so weird, I thought, as I kicked my beautiful girlfriend right in
the pussy, leaving her laying on her sister, both of them moaning with
pleasure.  I toyed with the idea having Melinda kick me but, having been
hit by more than a few hard foul balls square in the crotch I had a pretty
good idea how it would feel, and I didn't think I would enjoy it as much as
they did.

"Ok babe, I want to watch you and Cheryl fuck.  I'm curious how much of a
freak your cousin has made you.  Turned out Jennifer was, as a friend of
mine years later would say, a real freak off the leash.  Melinda and Cheryl
began wrestling, each trying to get her fingers up inside the other.  I sat
back on the bed and watched, rubbing my wet brown bush.  Cheryl was very
quick in her moves and remarkably strong for her size, but Melinda had the
weight and eventually was sitting on her sister's face.  I got off the bed
and went over, grabbing Melinda's dark hair and pressing her pretty face
into my bush.  She was licking furiously when she came, going stiff as she
usually did and biting at my soft belly.  I dropped down to my knees,
cupping one boob so she could suck and bit my nipple, when I felt Cheryl's
blonde bush rubbing my pussy.  I pressed against her, grinding my pussy on
hers until I went over the edge.  The nice thing about the three of us
being alone in the house was I could moan and scream as loud as I wanted
and so I did.

After what turned out to be almost two hours of non-stop fucking we were
all on the bed cuddled up together kissing and squeezing and happily
exhausted.  I look at my girlfriend and my new lover and said, "I love
this.  We need to do it more."  They both moaned in agreement.  From there
it was almost always threesomes.  Sometimes one sister was gone so I would
fuck the other one.  I gradually learned how rough I could get with them
and we progressed to getting in the shower and taking turns pissing on each
other (that was Melinda's kink but I took to it instantly).  Cheryl and I
enjoyed grinding our pussys together (it was years before I learned this is
tribadism) and she showed me the joy of rubbing a nipple on a girl's clit
(something else she learned from Jennifer).  Melinda and I hoped that
Cheryl would find a girlfriend of her own so we could have a proper orgy
but sadly that didn't happen.  So, the spring of our 9th grade year moved
along with nary a whisper (at least none I ever heard) about Melinda and I
being the class lesbians.

As spring moved on we became a comfortable if covert thruple.  Sometimes I
would get a bit annoyed because both sisters eagerly embraced their
submissive roles (I learned the terms for all this later in life) and I had
trouble being dominating all the time.  Sometimes a girl just wants to lay
back and enjoy getting fucked.  I also developed a new interest at school.
Melinda was in orchestra, she played the cello, and Cheryl was on our dance
team (she had been taking dance classes for years).  I discovered theater.
I never auditioned for a part in the school plays, I was too shy for that,
but I did enjoy being backstage.  I found I really enjoyed working with the
lighting and that, as you dear reader will learn in later installments,
guided me to where I am today in my life.

Then spring break came and I totally descended into depravity.

Part 3: A depraved discovery and a bittersweet ending

Spring break came and Melinda and Cheryl's mom had to go to St. Louis on a
business trip.  I assumed they would be going with her, leaving me another
week of wrestling magazines and masturbation.  But instead their cousin
Jennifer came to town to stay with them.  Yes, THAT Jennifer.  I was
intrigued and also nervous.  Jennifer had turned Cheryl on to excitingly
rough lesbian sex and had awakened Melinda's inner freak.  I was really
afraid that there was no way I could compare to her and that the sisters
would prefer her to me.  (In case you are curious dear reader I am still
pretty insecure, even though I know my wife really loves me).

Gathering up my courage I walked across the street.  I hoped for the best
so I wasn't wearing any underwear and my boobs were bouncing nicely.  I
rang the bell and Cheryl opened the door (not naked) and I came in and
followed her to the basement rec room.  Melinda was on the couch with a
blonde girl who I assumed was Jennifer (who else would it be?)  Looking her
over I saw she was what would be described today as "thick" and that she
bleached her hair (the black roots were showing).  Later in life she would
be what I would call a "dirty girl", a girl who makes no excuses for really
liking sex.

She looked us over.  "OK girls, everyone is here so get those clothes off."
We all stripped down and sat on the floor.  I had my arms around Melinda's
middle, playing with her boobs and Cheryl had one hand in my bush.
Jennifer stood up and began to dance.  I knew she worked in a convenience
store but today I would learn she supplemented her income (and supplemented
it well) dancing in several clubs in the St. Louis area.  Once her shirt
was off I saw she had amazingly large and quite dark nipples.  She had just
a hint of a bush, for professional reasons she wanted her pussy to show.

Once she was naked she turned her attention to me.  "So Cindy, you're the
wrestling fan?"  "Yes I am." I replied, squeezing Melinda a little harder.
"You know what a catfight is?" she asked, with a hungry smile.  I shook my
head.  "It's an all-out bitch-battle, no rules.  First girl to submit
loses.  You think you can take me on?"  I stood up and stepped to her.  She
was a couple of inches taller than me (I was growing taller pretty quickly)
but she clearly had several pounds on me.  I stood in close so that our
nipple touched and that made my pussy tingle.  "No hits to the face, I got
to look good at work.  You ready to fight?"  I nodded.

With zero warning she brought her knee up right into my belly.  All the air
left my body and I sagged down.  Jennifer grabbed my little boobs and kept
me up, stretching out my hard nipples.

I realized that I was in an actual fight.  Jennifer might not hurt me
permanently, but she was seriously aroused by causing me pain if the
shininess on her inner thighs was any sign.  However, I needed to find a
way to get some space between us.  I grabbed her nice tits, digging my
nails in deep into the smooth fake-tanned flesh.  Mauling her tits, I
brought my knee up hard between her legs, smashing it into her very wet
cunt.  Jennifer moaned and I wasn't sure how much of it was pain and how
much was a near-orgasm.  She went down on her knees and I grabbed her
blonde hair, slapping her heavy tits with my free hand.  I thought I was
doing good and then Jennifer got in a hard cunt punch and I went down on my
ass.  She threw herself on top of me, pressing her tits into my face.  I
sank my teeth into a warm breast and was rewarded with her sinking a claw
hold on my tender pussy.

Being this close to her naked body I realized that my initial impression,
that she was soft and curvy, was wrong.  Yes, she had ample curves and
magnificent boobs, but she also had some serious muscles.  Not big bulging,
and kind of gross to my eyes, bodybuilder muscles but she was quite hard
and toned.  In college I had the chance to talk with, and on several
occasions, fuck dancers.  All them showed that being an exotic dancer,
especially if you work the pole, requires incredible core strength and
stamina.  I was on the receiving end of that stamina how and once she got
me into a scissors hold across my chest I could no longer get enough air to
keep going.  I slapped hard at the floor, unwilling to take any more
punishment.

Jennifer spun around and pressed her very wet pussy right into my face.  I
began to eagerly lick her, pushing my tongue as far as I could into her
vagina.  I felt my legs being spread and Melinda started licking my pussy.
She rolled my hips up a little, so she could get at my ass as well and I
moaned into Jennifer's cunt as my girlfriend slobbered all over my pussy
and ass.  My penalty for losing was to eat everyone's pussy (not much of a
hardship).  Exhausted and covered in pussy juices we lay on the couch in a
tangle of bare limbs, watching some videos Jennifer had brought with her.
One of them featured truly beautiful women (by early 1990's standards)
wrestling topless so Melinda and I had several more orgasms.

Exhausted I pulled Melinda to her feet and led her to the shower.  I knew I
looked a mess and I was sure I smelled of pussy juice, so I needed to clean
up.  No sooner was the water on then Melinda was on her knees, waiting for
me to pee on her tits, which of course I did.  She returned the favor and
we then proceeded to rub our wet bodies together and fingering each other.
We finally got out of the shower when the hot water started to run out.  I
dried off and put my clothes on.  Walking was going to be a challenge since
I didn't have panties on and my jeans were rubbing against my raw pussy and
my nipples were hard as rocks and really sticking out.  I walked across the
street to my house, grateful l didn't see any of my family until I could
get to my room and put on some underwear, resisting the desire to
masturbate with the memories of the afternoon.

Melinda's mom got home on the weekend and on Sunday afternoon Melinda
called me begging me to come over to her house.  I could tell she was
crying so I hurried over.  When I got there she was on the living room
couch (with clothes on, her mom was home after all), red-eyed and upset.

"What is babe?  What's wrong?"  The tears started again, "We're moving!  My
mom got a promotion and she has to move to St. Louis."  Now it was my time
to tear up.  It wasn't fair!  I had just gotten a girlfriend and now she
was moving almost 200 miles away.  "When are you moving?" I asked through
my tears.  "Once school is out."  This was about 2 months away.

Her mom came in and sat next to us.  She tried so hard to sound kind but I
think she knew that nothing she could say would make us feel better.  "I
know this is sad for you girls but this is a big step up for me."

I nodded, trying to act all mature, "I know, but I will miss Melinda and
Cheryl so much!"  So, the question I have never gotten an answer to be
this, did her mom know we were more than just best friends?  If she did she
never let on to me, Melinda, Cheryl, or my folks.  I think she might have
figured it out, both of us tended to vocal orgasms, but since she has
Melinda when she was 19 I think she was somewhat relived that her daughter
would not be getting pregnant any times soon.  In hindsight her silence
spared me some very awkward conversations with my parents, ones that got
pushed off until I was in college.  I was that far in the closet where my
family was concerned at this point in my life.

Over the next two months we fucked and wrestled like total sluts, but the
day finally came when they left.  I was crushed.  I was going to high
school in August with no best friend, a best friend with the best sort of
benefits, and I had no idea what would happen next.

This story will continue with my high school years

Well, there is part one.  Part two will pick up with our protagonist
heading to high school in the 10th grade.  For those who have never heard
of apartment house wrestling I recommend www.ahwgaller.com for a collection
of the images that made me all tingly back in the day.  They still have
that effect on me.  I also want to give credit to the awesome Bree Mills
and her film "Teenage Lesbian."  This story owes a lot to her story.


 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 3: a-tale-of-two-girls 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 11:53:05 -0700
From: Misty Meadow <twinkletwat.uk@gmail.com>
Subject: A Tale of Two Girls

A tale of Two Girls
by Misty Meadow

"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."  I sit back and read
what I've typed.  I'm in my living room at my computer, writing a story.  I
erase it, because who am I to plagiarise the great Charles Dickens?  I've
written many stories, all short erotic fiction about young girls and their
introduction to gay sexy.  Yes, dear reader, I'm utterly gay, no interest
in men at all.  Dickens I am not and I'm having trouble with the plot; I
don't have writer's block exactly, but after all the stuff I've written and
published on the internet, it's not easy to think of new scenarios.

I'm dressed in a short silk robe under which is a pair of sheer white nylon
knickers and you can see my cunt through them.  I take a break and as I go
into the kitchen to take a can of pale ale from the fridge, I hear a tap on
the window.  My heart leaps; it's Joy, the girl who lives next door.  She's
climbed over my garden fence, quicker and easier than going round the
front.  I open my back door and look at her as the bright sunlight shines
through her flimsy yellow cotton dress, making her pale blue knickers
visible.  They have white trim round the legs.

Let me digress for a moment to tell you about how I feel towards her,
indeed to all young girls.  She's utterly adorable and I've fallen head
over heels in love with her.  The thing is, I'm terrified that if I reveal
how I feel about her, it might freak her out and she won't come to my house
anymore, so it's a case of "look but don't touch".  Yes, it's painful, but
isn't love always so?  Since I moved into this house a month ago, I've lost
interest in adult women, however gay and sexy they might be.  In my twenty
two years, I've loved lots of women, but none of them stole my heart the
way this little darling has captured mine.  She's only eleven.

Yes, I know, I'm a freak, a paedo though, I hasten to add, not a child
molester.  I wouldn't dream of doing anything to a girl without her
consent; I'd need her eager and willing co-operation before I'd so much as
touch her.

Not that I haven't had sexual encounters with little girls, but that was
when I was a little girl myself.  Even before I'd had my first period I'd
kissed girls my own age and even progressed further, going so far as to
pull their knickers down and touch their little pee-pees, as I called them
back then.  When I grew into my teen years, I had crushes on older women
and morphed into a full blown lesbian, hungry to eat pussy, suck nipples,
insert sex toys and . . . well, I don't have to tell you, do I?  I open the
back door.

 "Come on in," I say, "Coke or ice cream?"

"I've just had lunch, so just a Coke, please."  She steps into the kitchen
and I pop open a can for her.

"What are you doing?" she asks.

"I'm writing a story," I say, leading her into my living room.

"What about?"

"It's about a little girl growing up and discovering that she has sexual
feelings," I tell her.  I'm taking a bit of a risk here; I don't ever tell
people whom I know about my literary pretensions.  "She's walking her dog
in the woods and she meets another girl her own age and they kinda click."

"How old is she?"

"I haven't decided yet."  Fucking liar, Misty, she's eleven and in my mind,
the image of Joy herself.  "Wanna help me write it?"

"I'm not much of a writer.  My English grade at school is not so good."

"You don't have to be.  Just tell me what happens and I'll handle the
grammar and stuff."  I sit at my computer and open the story file.  She
stands beside me, her hip pressing against my shoulder.  For a second, I
fantasise about putting my hand on her inner thigh and sliding it up to the
crotch of her lovely blue knickers, but I push the thought out of my mind.

"So they meet in the woods and then what?" she asks.

"Let's see.  They chat for a while and then they kiss."

"Just like that?  No, there has to be something that leads them to it.
They wouldn't just kiss out of the blue.  Anyway, what are their names?"

"I'll decide that later; right now they're girl A and girl B.  A is walking
her dog.  No, scratch that, she's looking for mushrooms to take home to her
mum."

"I thought mushrooms grew in fields," she points out.  "The stuff you find
in woods might be poisonous."

"Okay, she's in a meadow at the edge of a wood.  Girl B comes out of the
wood and they meet.  She's been bird watching.  They have to converse for a
bit.  I'll work in some dialogue later but at some point, A tells B she's
pretty and B returns the compliment, then they stand close, gazing into
each other's eyes and eventually kiss."

"If this is gonna get interesting, they should go into the wood where no
one can see them."

"Good idea.  In the wood, they lean against a tree and kiss again.  I'll
put in some stuff about thrills running though their little bodies."

"Little?  So they're just kids?"

"I suppose so."  I decide to take a risk.  "Your age would be okay, young
enough to be innocent, but old enough to have sexual feelings.  I had
feelings long before I was your age."

"Feelings for girls?"

"Yes.  I might as well come right out and say it.  I'm gay."  She smiles.

"I'd kinda guessed it; I don't have a problem with gay girls.  There are
lots at my school."

"So, eleven years old then, both of them." I type it in.

Her phone rings and she pulls it from the pocket of her dress.

"Hello . . . oh, awesome!  I'll be right there."  She hangs up.  ""My
cousin's arrived and she's gonna stay with me for the whole of the school
holiday.  I gotta run.  `Bye, Misty."

Fuck!  It was just getting interesting.  I finish my beer and go into the
kitchen for another.  The sink is full of dishes, so I wash them, giving me
time to think out my plot, no, not the story, silly, my plot to seduce my
darling Joy.  I hope this cousin of hers isn't going to get in the way of
my plans.  My mind wanders as I think about what I'd like to do with Joy.
Then I see both of them come past my window and I open the back door.

"This is Lucy," Joy says.  Wow, she's beautiful, just as pretty as the
object of my desires.  She wears a white sun dress, cut straight across the
top, held up by spaghetti straps.  "This is Misty."

"You're beautiful," I breathe, "just as adorable as your cousin."  Her
blush sets my heart racing.  I offer her a Coke.

"Misty's writing a story and I'm helping her with it," Joy says proudly.

"What about?" asks Lucy.

"Two little girls who fall in love," says Joy.

"With whom?"  I notice the correctness of her grammar.  Perhaps she can
help with my writing.

"Each other," I explain.

"Oh, two lezzes, then?"

"Yeah," says Joy, "two girls our age who . . . show her, Misty."  I lead
them into the living room and sit at my computer as they flank me, standing
close.  I read out what I've written.

"So they're leaning against the tree, kissing and getting all excited," I
finish.  "That's as far as we've got.  Where do we go from here?"

"It's obvious," says Lucy.  "They climb the tree.  Little girls always
climb trees so they can . . ."

". . . show off their knickers!" Joy cries, laughing.

"Now we're getting somewhere," I say.  "They haven't revealed it yet but
they're both exhibitionists."

"And voyeurs," adds Lucy.  "They like to look."

"Misty likes to look," Joy says.  Huh?  "Be honest, Misty, you try to look
up my skirt every chance you get."  She's crossed a line, but I don't mind.
I've been wanting to communicate my gayness ever since I first met her and
now we're getting somewhere.

"So you're gay, then?" Lucy asks.

"True," I confess.  "Is that a problem?"

"Why would it be?"  Oh, this is perfect!  I've come out to both of them and
everything's progressing beautifully.  They step away and sit on my couch.
I'm hoping for an upskirt flash, but no luck.  I turn back to the computer.

"So they climb the tree, girl A first, followed by B who gets a magnificent
view of A's knickers," I say, reading aloud as I type.

"What colour?" asks Joy.

"White," says Lucy, emphatically.  "All underwear should be white, like
these."  She spreads her thighs, deliberately showing me her knickers.  My
delight must show on my face because Joy parts her own thighs, perhaps even
wider than her cousin, showing her own underpants.

"Mine are blue, I'm afraid."

"That's okay," Lucy says, "we'll let you off this time, but next time
. . ."  I interrupt.

"Next time I'm gonna have to put you across my knees, lift your dress, pull
your blue knickers down and spank your bare bum."  Lucy laughs and Joy
smiles, thinking I'm joking.

"What colour are you wearing, Misty?"  I swivel my chair round to face
them, stand and pull the belt of my robe open, spreading it wide.  To any
adult lesbian, I must look stunning, but how will these two preteens react?
I needn't have worried.  Their faces light up.  I pause for a beat, letting
them look at me, feeling little waves of lust course through me.

"Oh my God!" Joy gasps.  "We can see your . . ."  She's not quite sure what
to call it.

". . . cunt," says Lucy, a smug smile on her face.

"That's a dirty word," Joy says.

"I'm a dirty girl," Lucy counters.  We all laugh, but I thrill at the sound
of a little girl using adult language.  I leave my robe open, sit down and
turn back to the computer.

"So there they are, up a tree, showing off their knickers."

"How about this?" Lucy offers.  "The girls are standing on different
branches, B below A, holding on to the trunk and A squats, spreading her
feet and bringing her knickers right in front of B's face."  I type
furiously.

"And B kisses her knickers!" Joy cries, grinning.

"Right on the crotch, right where her cunt is," says Lucy.  My fingers fly
over the keys.

"Now we're getting somewhere," Joy says.  "Have you ever kissed a girl's
knickers, Misty?"

I hesitate, then confess, "Lots of girls, especially when I was your age
but when I got older, I'd just rip `em off and kiss her right on the . . ."
Should I use the "C" word?

". . . cunt!" Lucy repeats.

"It's what lesbians do," I say.

"I know," says Lucy.  "Can I have another Coke, please?"  I stand, my robe
still open and they look at my small, firm tits as I walk past them to the
kitchen, returning to hand the can to her.  Squatting down in front of
them, I feel brazen enough to stare directly at their lewdly displayed
knickers, my excitement building.

"I could look at you both all day long," I tell them.

"We're happy to let you look, aren't we, Joy?  My Mum's always bitching
about me sitting with me legs open, but I don't give a fuck.  If I wanna
show off my knickers, then I will."

"Me too," Joy adds, not wishing to be left out of this rather odd
conversation.  Lucy seems to be more precocious than she, perhaps even
bolder than I was at their age.  I look up at Joy's face which bears a
dazzling smile, but even her angelic beauty can't distract me from her
knickers for very long, and l look back down again.  All this while,
they've not been shy about staring at my own transparent knickers.

"Your cunt is different from ours," Lucy says.  "You have big lips."

"And a big clit," Joy notes.  From my squatting position, I fall back on to
my bum, propping myself up with my arms, my legs spread wide.

"Take a good look, girls.  The longer and harder you look at my cunt, the
happier I am."

This seems to trigger Lucy's next words.  "Wanna see mine?"  She hooks her
fingers into the crotch of her knickers and pulls it to one side, revealing
her prominent mound with its vertical slit.

"Oh, it's adorable!" I gasp.

"Look at mine, too," Joy cries, pulling her own knickers aside.

"Both of you are so fucking sexy!"  I can talk dirty, too.

"We like your tits, Misty," Lucy says.  "I hate big, floppy ones."  Joy
agrees.

"Can I see yours?" I ask.

"We don't have any," Joy moans.

"Nevertheless . . ."

"Of course you can," Lucy offers, letting go of the crotch of her knickers.
I know from experience that if your legs are spread wide enough when you
pull your crotch aside, it'll stay there when you let it go, and so it
proves, as both girls lift their dresses up to display their chests.  Joy
is wrong, Lucy does have little titties that have just started to bud and
her nipples are bigger than Joy's.  I'm guessing she must be twelve.  I can
feel my cunt getting wet as I drink in this amazingly erotic sight, more
thrilling than anything I've been imagining all week long.

"Don't move girls," I cry, jumping to my feet.  My robe falls off, but I
don't care.  I find my phone, aim at them and take a picture then show it
to them.

"Now that's naughty!" Joy says.

"Naughty is good," Lucy adds.  "Can we take pictures of you, Misty?"  I nod
my head and they take their phones from the pockets of their dresses.
Posing, I stand with my feet spread, my fingers laced behind my head, my
hips lewdly thrust forward.  Their flashes go off and they show me the
results.  I have to admit I do look fucking sexy.

"Take your dresses off so we're all in just our knickers," I suggest and
they immediately comply.  My heart is pounding as I gaze at their scantily
clad slender bodies, two exotic little nymphets showing themselves off for
me.

"Let's get back to the story," Joy suggests.  That's fine by me.  It'll
give me some time to work out where to go from here.  I sit back on my
office chair and they stand either side of me, re-adjusting their knickers.
I connect my phone to my computer, download my picture, then do the same
with theirs.  We all look a lot sexier on the big screen.  Back to work.

"So there they are, up the tree and girl B is kissing A's knickers.  What
next?  Do they swap places?"

"No," says Joy.  "That would be awkward.  I think B should put her hand on
A's crotch."

"And pull them aside, like we did, to look at A's cunt," says Lucy.

"How about this," I suggest.  "One of the girls says she needs to pee, so
they climb down and she lifts her dress up, spreads her feet and pees
through her knickers."  Joy laughs.  I begin to type.

"I did that once," Joy tells us, "a while back, but I wasn't in the woods."

"Did anyone see you?" Lucy asks.

"I was with another girl, in her garden.  She's a year ahead of me and I
had a bit of a crush on her.  Even though she liked my little show, nothing
ever came of it."  I type away, the words flowing freely, reading aloud as
I go.

"Which girl pees?" Joy asks.

"Both of them," Lucy suggests.

"They pee, staring at each other's wet knickers, their dresses hoisted high
up on their chests."

"Showing off their tits," Joy says.

"Their tiny preteen titlets," I correct her.  "Remember they're only
eleven.  Now they're not gonna stand around in wet knickers, are they?"

"So they take `em off!" Lucy cries, delighted.  "They pull each other's
knickers off and gaze at their cunts."  My fingers blur as the screen fills
with words.

"You know what?" Lucy announces, "All this talk of pee makes me wanna go.
Where's your bathroom, Misty?"  Ah-ha, bold action is called for.

"Who needs a bathroom?  I have a nice, secluded garden where no one can see
in, so why don't we go outside and let life reflect art."

"And pee through our knickers!" Joy cries, her face alight.

"Awesome!" Lucy agrees, grinning.

"Go ahead, I'm gonna change mine," I tell them.

"Why?"

"'Cos cotton is better than nylon to pee through.  Believe me, I know.  It
soaks up more pee and looks a lot sexier."  I duck into my bedroom, rip my
nylon knickers off and replace them with a pair of pink cotton briefs edged
with white, grab my phone and run out to the garden where the girls stand,
looking about.  "See, no one can see us."  My garden is surrounded by a
hedge which is a little thin in places, so the possibility exists for some
peeping Tom (or Tomasina) to spy on us and though I doubt that such a
person exists, the faint chance that we're being overlooked adds excitement
to our adventure.  "Who wants to go first?"

"You go, Lucy," Joy says.  We stand in a little circle, a triangle really,
and stare at Lucy as the crotch of her knickers becomes wet.  My phone
flashes every few seconds.  When they're soaked, her pee falls down in a
heavy stream on to the grass.  Before she finishes, I tell her to stop.

"Save the rest.  I've had a naughty thought."  Her pee shuts off.

"My turn!" Joy calls, letting her own flow begin.  Once again I call a halt
before she's finished.  I hand my phone to Lucy who aims it at me.

"Now look,girls."  I spread my feet and let it go.  The pink cotton darkens
as they soak up the initial offering, and my stream drips, then gushes from
my crotch.  The girl's eyes are popping out of their heads.  When Lucy's
taken several shots, I shut off my flow.  We pause, gazing at each other,
drinking in the sight of near naked bodies and wet knickers.

"We're gonna have to wash them," I point out, pulling mine off.  The girls
follow suit, dropping them on to the grass.  Again we pause to admire each
other's body's, naked except for our sandals.

"Oh, my God, you're both so fucking sexy!" I cry, hardly able to keep my
hands off them.

"We need clean knickers," Joy points out.  "We can't go home without any."

"Not a problem.  I've got tons of knickers you can borrow.  Let's go
inside."  They go into my bedroom while I nip into the bathroom for a towel
so they we can wipe ourselves then, back in my room I empty my knicker
drawer out on to the bed and let them select whatever they want.  I'm a
slim girl (five foot four if you're interested) so they're all going to
fit.  Joy selects a bright turquoise pair and Lucy opts for white of course
and I find a pair of silk tap pants, that have very loose legs, so that if
I sit carelessly, one might be able to see my cunt.

"Back to the story," I say and we gather round my computer again.  After I
download all the pictures from our phones, I lean back and say, "Where were
we?"

"They'd just peed through their knickers and taken them off.  They're
looking at each other's cunts," says Joy.

"We've got to get to where they kiss their cunts," Lucy says.  "Hey, wait a
minute -- how about this.  We've been taking photos all the time so why
don't we use them to illustrate the story.  We can be girls A and B."
Joy's face lights up.

"Brilliant!" I declare, "but the site where I publish my stories doesn't
accept pictures, just text and anyway, our pictures are actually child
porn, so I'll have to go to the dark net to publish them."  They look
puzzled.  "I'll explain later, but yes, this is a great idea.  We can use
the big tree in the corner of the garden.  Get dressed, girls."  As they
don their dresses, I put on a white cotton singlet, pause briefly in front
of the mirror to see how sexy I look (very) and run out to my garage to
find a step ladder.  Back in the garden I set it beside the tree.  This
will get them up to the lowest branches.

"Who's A and who's B?" I ask.

"You can be A," Lucy says, "because I wanna kiss your knickers."  Oh, yes
she's definitely in the spirit of things.  Joy climbs the step ladder and
swings herself on to the lowest branch and climbs a bit higher.  She looks
around.

"Can you be seen?" I ask, anxiously.

"No, not really.  The trees are mostly blocking the view from my house."
Mostly?  There's still the faint chance of a peeper to spice things up.
Lucy climbs up and stands on the lowest branch.  I get my phone ready,
standing right below them, looking up both their dresses.  I take the first
picture.

"Now, squat, Joy."  Which she does, her knickers exactly in line with
Lucy's face.  She tilts her head back and presses her lips to Joy's
treasure.  My flash goes off every second or so.

"How was that?" Lucy asks, lifting her head away.

"Fucking perfect," I assure her and to my excitement, she pulls Joy's
knickers aside and kisses her directly on her cunt.

"Oh, my God!" Joy gasps.  "This feels so fucking amazing.  Push your
tongue, in, Luce.  Lick my clit."

"Spoken like a true lesbian," I mutter to myself, then add, "Let's get back
to writing the story."  They climb down from the tree and we look at the
pictures I've taken.

"You've left the ladder there, Misty," Joy points out.  "There wouldn't be
a stepladder conveniently left in a wood.  We'll have to take the pictures
again."

"This time, I'll be girl A," Lucy says, running up the ladder, "then you
can kiss my cunt, Joy."  When they're both appropriately posed, I take the
ladder away and start shooting again.  Lucy goes into the squat and Joy
presses her face into her crotch as they both hang on to the trunk with one
hand.  To my delight, she doesn't hesitate to pull Lucy's white knickers
aside and kiss her bare cunt.  I move about, shooting from different
angles.  I'll select the best pictures later.

"I'm getting cramp in my thighs," Lucy complains.  I put the ladder back in
place and they both climb down, smoothing their rumpled dresses over their
thighs.

"These are awesome!" I say as we scroll through what has now become quite
an album.  "Okay, let's go back indoors and get on with the story."  I
collect the wet knickers and in the kitchen I toss them in the sink, for
later rinsing.  Back at the computer, I ask, "Where were we?"

"They've just finished peeing and they're standing, looking at each other's
cunts."

"We need to get them out of the woods and into a bedroom where they can
have proper sex," Lucy says, which is exactly what I want to do for real
with these two darlings.

"What about their wet knickers.  What do they do with them?"

"Wring them out and put them on, silly," Lucy says.

"They'll smell."

"But they won't care.  There's no one there to smell them.  It's a hot
summer's day with lots of fresh air and they'll dry out really quick."  I
type some exposition into the computer.

"Girl A should invite B to her house," Joy.  "She has to take the mushrooms
home to her mum and - "

"- Mum's gay, too!" Lucy cries.  "We can take more pictures and you can be
mum, Misty.  Oh this is perfect!"  I'm inclined to agree.  I type away,
taking A and B home to A's house where A introduces B to her mother.

"So how are we gonna get mum into the action?" Joy asks.

"How about this?" Lucy offers.  "Mum detects the aroma of dry pee and
questions them and they confess to peeing through their knickers, but mum
doesn't get angry.  She finds it funny."

"And a bit thrilling," Joy adds.  That's my girl, I think, she's really
into the swing of things.

"I never finished peeing," Lucy interrupts.  "I gotta go."

"Me, too," says Joy.

"And me, but wait a second.  I want us all to get naked and we can pee
together in the tub."  They go upstairs to my bathroom while I run into the
kitchen collect all the wet knickers and put them in the dryer, turning the
heat up to full.  Back upstairs, before the girls can take their dresses
off, I tell them I want to take pictures as they undress each other.  They
each lift the dress off the other and turn to look at me as I take more
pictures.

"You, too, Mum," says Lucy.  I love the idea of her calling me "Mum".
"You're part of the story now."  I stand there, my heart pounding as she
takes my dress off.  "Oh, those tap pants are so retro" she comments.

"I like `em," Joy says.  "But they've got to come off, Misty."  I let her
kneel and pull my tap pants down, then I continue recording the thrilling
scene as they kneel as one at a time they take each other's knickers off.
When they're naked, I step into the tub and sit on my bum.

"Come on in and stand as close to me as you can."  Lucy immediately
understands where I'm going.  A huge grin spreads across her face.

"You want us to pee on you!" she crows.  "You're into golden showers!
Fucking awesome!"

"Golden showers?" asks Joy, clearly not so well informed as her cousin.

"Yeah, it's what lesbians do," Lucy explains.

"Ugh!"

"No, it's thrilling for them, Lucy explains. "They like it.  It's supposed
to be the most intimate thing two girls can do, even more than kissing
cunts."

"It's okay, Joy," I say.  "I know it's a bit weird, but it's as though I'm
saying you can do anything you want to me and I'll submit to it.  Go ahead.
Pee all over me!"  Lucy steps behind me, leaving Joy to stand in front.
They both push their hips forward, lean back and spread their cunt lips
open with their fingers.  Two pee streams hit me, one on the back of my
head and my shoulders, the other on my up-turned face, running down over my
tits and tummy.  If I were with older girls, I'd be happy to drink it, but
that might be a bit extreme for the girls.  Joy is soon empty and she
stands back, allowing Lucy to move in front of me and pee on my tits.  I
lean back, my knees spread and she gets the hint and pees directly on my
cunt.  The sharp aroma adds to my excitement.  Lucy finishes and steps
back.  I look up at them, reveling in my "humiliation".  "That was fucking
awesome!" I tell them.  Getting back up on my feet, I turn the water on,
standing under the stream, rinsing my body.  I hand a bottle of body-wash
to Joy and they squirt it on each other and, giggling like the little
schoolgirls that they are and soap each other's bodies.  Joy immediately
goes for Lucy's micro tits, tweaking her nipples and spreading suds all
over them as Lucy's puts her hand down between her cousin's legs, soaping
her sweet little cunt, as I sit on the edge of the tub, drinking it all in.
My guts are churning with excitement, as all their inhibitions seem to have
flown out of the window.  To them, it seems like fun, but to me, it's the
most arousing thing I've ever seen.  Yesterday, I never could have dreamed
that I'd find myself part of such an erotic scene, but here I am, my
wildest fantasies coming true.  I want to take pictures, but my hands are
wet and anyway, I'm too immersed in the action to bother about
pictures. Never mind, there'll be other opportunities.

"Your turn, Misty," Joy says and I step under the hot water.  Lucy is
behind me, soaping my shoulders, then her hands come round my body until
her palms are on my tits which to be honest, are not much bigger than hers.
Joy puts her hand between my legs, rubbing her palm on my pubis.

"Why do you shave, Misty?" she asks.

"Sometimes I look at myself, naked in the mirror and think I look like a
little girl, almost at the point of puberty."

"And you pretend to be our age?" Lucy asks.  How perceptive she is!

"Yes.  Preteen girls are so sexy.  I get off on myself."  They giggle.

"It's time you shaved again," Joy comments.  "You're a bit stubbly."  Lucy
abandons my tits and slides her hands down my tummy, pushing Joy's hand
away.  I feel two fingers push into my cunt and my knees go weak.  Joy
stands back and gazes down at the action, her eyes huge.  The combination
of her gaze and Lucy's fingers immediately make me cum, my orgasm exploding
through my body and my knees buckle.  Lucy holds me by the waist to prevent
me from falling.

"Are you okay?" she asks, anxiously.

"You just made me cum!" I croak, then straighten up, stepping away from
them and sitting back down on the edge of the tub to try to get my breath
back.  "My God, I've never cum that fast in my life.  You guys are driving
me fucking crazy!"

"You had an orgasm?" Joy asks, incredulous.  "What's it like?"

"Indescribably wonderful, but you'll just have to wait and see for
yourself."  They look at each other, eyes filled with wonder.

"I've never had an orgasm," Joy admits.  "What about you?"

Lucy answers, "When I touch myself in bed at night, I get these little
waves of excitement down there.  I call it `making my cunt happy'."  Joy
giggles.

"It's called masturbation," I tell them.  "All girls do it, even if they
tell you they don't.  I do it, every night, and sometimes during the day.
I pull up pictures of naked girls and lesbian couples from the internet and
finger my cunt until I cum."  Wow, I've surprised myself!  I never imagined
I'd ever tell two preteens that I frig off to internet porn.  I wonder if
Joy is going to confess to masturbating (at her age I'd been doing it for a
long time), but she stays silent.  We climb out of the tub and towel each
other off, our hands lingering in naughty places.

"Are we gonna finish the story?" Lucy asks.

"Maybe later.  Let's go into my bedroom."  The follow me, happily.  I lie
down on my back on my bed, my legs parted invitingly.  "There's an electric
razor in the drawer of the bedside table.  You can shave me."

"Let me!" Joy demands.

"No, me!"

"You can take turns.  You go first, Joy."  She runs the razor all over my
mound, covering my lips and clit with her other hand and her touch is
making me wet.

"My turn," Lucy says, grabbing the razor from her cousin.  When I'm
completely smooth, they run their hands over my mound.  "Like a baby's
bum," Joy comments.  The feel of their fingers on my cunt is driving me to
new heights of ecstasy.  They sit back and look at me, lying there, utterly
vulnerable, available and totally aroused.

"Jesus," I mutter, "I LOVE showing off my cunt to little girls.  You're
making me the happiest woman in the world.  Yes, just keep looking at me
like that."  They are truly fascinated by the sight of my floppy cunt lips
and my swelling clit.

"Is this how the story is gonna go?" Lucy asks.  "Are the two girls gonna
have sex with girl A's mother?"

"Mothers don't have sex with their kids," says Lucy, "not even gay ones."

"On the contrary, I get lots of emails from readers of my stories and a
surprisingly large number of them profess to at least lusting after their
little girls, and many of them confess that, yes, they've taught them to
enjoy full blown sex."  Joy looks astonished, but Lucy smiles.

"I've seen mum/daughter action on the internet, but maybe they weren't
really related."

"If they're not, we can pretend they are," I answer.

"So, how do we get our girls from meeting mum to . . . whatever?" Joy asks.

"Art is imitating life," I tell her.  "We'll just write what happened with
us in the bathroom."

"And also write what's about to happen now," Joy says, archly.

"Which is?" Lucy asks.

"This."  Joy lies face down on the bed, her head between my thighs and
presses her lips to my cunt.  I almost explode right there and then. Until
now, Lucy has been the most forward of the two, but now Joy seems to have
surpassed her.  Lucy looks on, an expression of pure lust on her face.

"Oh, I wanted to be the first to lick you cunt, Misty, but it's okay, Lucy,
you go ahead and drive Misty out of her mind."  Lucy is doing a pretty good
job of it.  I float on a sea of lust, letting her tongue bring me close to
cumming, then push her away.

"Lucy's turn, now."  Joy's mouth is quickly replaced by her cousin's, who
shows surprising expertise at eating pussy.  She must've picked up ideas
from the internet.  Two minutes later, I cum again, letting out a huge
whoosh of air and I pull Lucy's head hard against my crotch, squeezing it
between my thighs.  Joy's face is a picture of excitement.  I relax, still
on my back, letting them both run their hands all over my body, from
shoulders to knees, feather like touches that speak of their love for me.
I drift off to sleep.  When I wake, they're gone so I go downstairs,
calling their names.

"We're in here, Misty."  Lucy is sitting at the computer, typing.  "I'm
updating the story," she explains.  Joy looks over her shoulder.  "I think
that mum should, at some point, take their knickers down and spank their
bums," she says.

"I'll figure out a way to work it into the story," Lucy replies.

"And she should definitely lick their cunts and we never gave girls A and B
names," she points out.  I pause.

"How about girl A is called Joy and girl B is called Lucy?" I suggest.
They laugh.

"Perfect!" Lucy exclaims.

"And their mum is called Misty," Joy adds.  Lucy types as fast as she can
with two fingers until Joy's phone rings.  She answers, then hangs up.

"It's my mum.  It's dinner time."  How the time has flown!  "We gotta go,"
she adds.  My heart sinks, but then there's always tomorrow.  They dress in
their own knickers, hot from the dryer, don their dresses, kiss me on the
lips and reluctantly leave.

I sit at the computer and look at what she's written.  It's a bit clunky
and badly misspelt, so I erase it.  Tomorrow we can let art imitate life
again in any way we want.  I start typing.  We're going to need some art
for our lives to imitate.  The words stream on to the screen.

"Misty asked Lucy to lie across her knees and told Joy to lift up her dress
and pull her the girl's knickers down.  She gazed at her daughter's bare
buttocks and ran her hand over the cheeks, letting her fingers slip between
her niece's thighs, her fingertips caressing that sweet little slit that is
the centre of a girl's world.  Lucy shivered with delight.  Then Misty
delivered eight gentle spanks while the girl moaned in pretence.  She
leaned forward and placed a kiss on the pink flesh of her cheeks.  Lucy
rolled, her back arched as her body drooped on either side of her aunt's
thighs.  They both gazed at her cunt, displayed so shamelessly for them.
`My turn now,' Joy demanded.  Misty's mind was in a whirl as she
contemplated molesting her own daughter, willing though she obviously was.
Could she do it, she wondered?  To be honest, she simply couldn't help
herself.  Lucy slid to the floor, her knickers round her knees, her legs
spread wide, her moist cunt in full view for them.  `Spank me, Mummy!' Joy
demanded, lying face down across her thighs.  Misty slid her daughter's
dress up high above her waist and dragged her knickers down to her knees.
Running her hand over those lovely soft globes, she felt her heart bursting
with love.  She delivered the slaps softly and lovingly and Joy sighed with
happiness.  Just as she had with her niece, she caressed her daughter's
cheeks but this time, her hand lingered between the girl's legs and she
pressed a finger deep into her.  Joy sighed with, well, joy.  Lucy sat up,
staring at this thrilling, incestuous, utterly depraved expression of
love."

Enough for the moment; I'll work on it some more before the girls come over
tomorrow.

Not Charles Dickens, perhaps, but it works for me.

This has really been the best of times.



The end.

Find lots more of my stories at nifty.org, click on "authors".

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 4: a-train-journey 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2007 15:47:42 +0000
From: Tammy Lismore <tammikinz@hotmail.com>
Subject: A Train Journey

This is the first story I have written since "My Little Sister" which
finally came to a conclusion last year.  I hope you all enjoy it as much.

As usual, all comments, suggestions, and yes, even criticisms, are very
welcome.  Please write to me at:  Tammikinz@Hotmail.com

Happy reading!

Tammy Lismore.
March 2007


-----------------------------------------------------------

A Train Journey

It was the start of a long train journey -- all the way home to London from
Edinburgh, where I'd been visiting my aunt and uncle for a week during the
school holidays.  I settled down in a window seat at the back of a block of
pairs of seats all facing forward and got out my magazine to help pass the
time.  The journey would take more than four hours so I'd be needing it!

As the train pulled out of the station, crawling through the Edinburgh
suburbs, I sat there musing briefly over the time I'd had with my aunt and
uncle, and then on to the prospects of school next week -- moving up to the
sixth form college -- a big step.  And a change from single sex to mixed
classes -- that was an exciting thought!  My aunt and uncle had teased me
about the prospects of that, but they were fairly young and relaxed about
sex and although it had taken me a while to get used to them, we ended up
having a good laugh about it. They made a habit of wandering around the
house half naked, or occasionally, completely naked!  And I'd heard them at
it a few times too!  I chuckled to myself remembering the times I'd
masturbated in my room listening to them.  I don't think they minded at all
that I might hear -- in fact, I wondered once or twice whether the idea
actually turned them on.  They certainly didn't seem to try to keep the
noise down at all!

I found myself squeezing my thighs together as I remembered, a shiver of
excitement running through me.  It was hot and the sun streamed through the
carriage window and I was glad I'd decided to wear just a skirt and
short-sleeved top for the journey. My legs were quite well tanned from days
on the beach near my aunt's house and I amused myself crossing my legs and
watching the light skirt ride up slightly, exposing more of my tanned thigh.

The train rattled along faster now as we reached the open countryside and my
mind wandered further, remembering the times on the beach and my shyness at
wearing my new bikini.  My aunt had been really encouraging saying how nice
it was and how well it fitted me, and I'm sure my uncle had appreciated it
too, but in a rather different way - I'd caught him sneaking glances at me a
few times when he thought I wouldn't notice!  But I soon got used to wearing
it and even started to get a bit of a kick from knowing that he seemed to
like looking at me in it.  I even used to watch his trunks for stirrings of
interest!  Wicked girl that I was!

My aunt always sunbathed topless, of course.  Her quite nice boobs were
almost as tanned as the rest of her body. They'd both have probably
sunbathed in the nude if they'd had the opportunity!  She'd usually get my
uncle to put the sun cream on for her, including her bare breasts.  I think
they both enjoyed it -- she gave me a cheeky smile one day as he was doing
it, spending rather longer than was strictly necessary I think, rubbing it
well in around her surprisingly large nipples. And the next day she'd asked
me if I'd do it for her.  I had been really shy about it and done all over
her stomach first before she eventually urged me to stop avoiding them and
do her breasts. It had felt really strange to start with but when she
murmured that I was doing fine and it felt really nice, I started to quite
enjoy it.

For the first few days, I felt quite shy enough wearing my new bikini -- the
thought of going topless was quite out of the question.  She didn't push me
at all to emulate her, but as time went on, I started to feel almost prudish
keeping my top on with her being so relaxed without one right beside me.
No, she hadn't pushed me, but she had certainly given me gentle
encouragement!  So half way through the third day, I'd taken the plunge.
I'd often undo it whilst sunbathing on my front, so I didn't get a strap
line, but of course, usually I did it up again before I turned over on to my
back.  But that time, I didn't.  I turned over just holding it in position
against me, then having checked no-one was looking, I slipped my arms out of
the straps and laid it to one side.  The feeling of lying there with my bare
boobs exposed for all to see was incredibly nerve-wracking at the start.
But, of course, I gradually relaxed and started to enjoy the feeling -- the
warm sunshine, the soft breeze playing on my nips ...

It was soon after I'd taken the plunge removing my top, I remembered, that I
definitely did see Uncle Luke's trunks bulging more than usual -- I'd been
really starting to relish the feeling, stretching out relaxed, face up, on
the sand, my legs slightly apart, my arms above my head.  I'd heard him
rolling over and peeped through half closed eyes as he looked at me!  I
remembered the thrill I got from seeing him having to readjust his trunks to
accommodate the swelling!  My aunt also noticed and told me off for not
having sun cream on the pale skin, insisting very pleasantly on doing it for
me.  So I'd let her.  I remembered clearly how strange it had felt at first,
those fingers gently rubbing across my newly exposed boobs.  And I also
remembered my embarrassment and surprise as I realised that my nipples were
responding quite positively to her touch.  She had made a point of rubbing
the cream into them, muttering about how sensitive they were!  And I'd
realised that it really felt very pleasant!

My mind returned to the present and I found myself squeezing my crossed
thighs even more and looked down now at the slight rippling of the muscles
in my thigh as I clenched them.

I'd been so carried away with my memories that I hadn't noticed that the
train had stopped at a small station and a few more people were getting on.
And just at that moment, a young girl walked into the carriage from behind
and pausing, she turned to me and asked if the seat beside me was free.  She
looked about 13 or 14, two or three years younger than me, and was dressed
in a cute little skirt and summery top which seemed to show off the sweetest
little pair of budding breasts very nicely.

I smiled and said she was very welcome to sit there, and she settled herself
down.  I watched as she smoothed her skirt down primly over her slim little
thighs, almost as brown as mine.  I soon discovered she was also going to
London, so we chatted a little and I discovered her name was Emily.  It
turned out that she'd also been away on holiday, but she'd been staying with
her father -- apparently her parents were separated and she lived with her
mother down in London normally.

I was still buzzing slightly from all my thoughts before she'd got on, and
kept finding myself thinking how cute she was -- a sweet face, lovely smile,
bright blue eyes framed by long straight fair hair, little pink lips, and
those perky little budding boobs.  What was I thinking?  I didn't usually
think about other girls like this!  She did seem to like me too though, and
of course that just encouraged me!  Especially when she looked at my thighs
and complimented me on my tan.

"Thanks very much", I laughed, "I've been spending a lot of time on the
beach and the weather's been brilliant.  You've not got a bad tan yourself",
I returned, deliberately looking at her legs too.

She giggled, "Thanks, I did get in quite a bit of swimming over the last
couple of weeks.  My Dad took me surfing quite a bit -- just `belly-boarding'
of course.  It's nice having a good tan isn't it".

I agreed with her and felt an increasing sense of excitement that I could
have some fun with this sweet little thing.

"I even managed to get my boobs tanned a bit, for the first time ever," I
laughed.  "My aunt eventually persuaded me as she always went topless
herself.  I'd never done it before though so I was terribly shy at first.
But after a while, it just felt great!  I did still feel too shy to walk
across the beach like it, or go swimming topless though".

Emily's eyes widened slightly and her eyes instinctively moved over my
chest, imagining my breasts exposed to the sun probably.  I don't have large
boobs at all, but they're quite firm and perky really.  Her eyes moved on,
slightly embarrassed I think.

And she giggled again, "I wouldn't dare do that -- although I guess it must
feel nice.  I'd just be soooo embarrassed though!"

I chuckled, "Yeah, I do understand, but it's so silly really isn't it.  I
mean, I can see you've probably got a real cute pair and there's no real
reason to be shy of them".

She blushed beautifully and I felt the warmth returning to my body.  I was
getting a buzz from this conversation.  I didn't know where it was going,
but it was fun!

"Thanks", she giggled, "They're a bit small still but I guess they're OK -
I'd still be shy of going public with them though!"

I looked across at the seats beside us, wondering if anyone was likely to be
listening to our conversation, but there was just one elderly woman who was
dozing, and a couple in front who were deep in their own conversation.

I leaned closer to Emily conspiratorially.  "I'll tell you a secret", I
whispered, "Once I got in the sea, I did take my top off a few times -- when
no-one could see.  I made sure I kept my boobs below the surface and
splashed around holding my top scrunched up in my hand!"

Her eyes widened again, "What was it like?" she asked, fascinated.

"Beautiful!" I laughed.  "I loved it.  All the cool fresh water splashing
over them -- it just felt so free and unrestricted!"

Then I leaned across closer again and said chuckling, "it felt fantastic on
my nips - it made them stiffen up so hard -- hard as little pebbles!"

She giggled again, her eyes bright and excited.  "Really?  I guess it
would".

"I loved the feeling", I continued, "Had me tingling all over!  If you know
what I mean!" and I winked at her.

This time, she leaned towards me, "You mean it got you turned on?" she
whispered, her eyes shining.

Those words coming from such innocent young lips!  Such a cute little thing.

"Yeah", I laughed, "had a buzz for a while after!  Rushed back to my towel
and threw myself face down quickly, convinced everyone would notice them!
But then of course, pressing down on them didn't exactly calm them down!"

Emily laughed really loudly at that, "No, I guess not.  Mine perk up
sometimes and it's a lovely feeling just pressing on them".

"Mmm, it certainly is, I know.  Well, you can guess what I did as soon as I
got back to the house that day -- I dived into the shower and enjoyed
myself!"

Emily almost exploded trying not to laugh too much, "You mean you ...  you
know...  you did it?!" she whispered.

"I certainly did", I laughed, "Wouldn't you have?  I love doing it in the
shower.  How about you?"

Her sweet little faced blushed furiously but, after a brief pause, she
happily admitted it, "Mmm, I like the shower too.  Especially if it's got a
removable shower head!" and then she blushed even more as she realised what
she was telling me.

I chuckled again, quickly agreeing with her, "Oh, absolutely.  I just love
that so much".

We laughed together, both of us visualising getting off in the shower, and I
realised I was getting very turned on.  I squeezed my thighs harder, without
really thinking about it and my skirt inched up just a little further.

"My God, Emily -- this is getting me quite hot!" I laughed.

She giggled, "Me too!" and I noticed her cute little thighs tense and
squeeze slightly as well.  I felt a tingling in my nips now and looked down
at my boobs.  I could just make them out now, stiffening slightly against
the brief material of my bra.

"Look, you can even see these are waking up", I laughed, pointing at my
nipples.

Her eyes went to them and she giggled again, not able to look away for a
moment.  "You're right", she murmured, "You can clearly see the little bumps
now".

Her eyes lingered a little and she said, "You've got lovely boobs haven't
you -- I hope mine develop like yours".

I wanted to take her in my arms and hug her right there. What a sweetie!

"I think yours are coming on just perfectly", I answered.  They're
beautiful!"

She looked down at her own, blushing a bit again.  "Thanks", she giggled,
"And I think maybe all this talk has made mine perk up too!"

I looked openly now and she was right -- there were two little bumps just
visible.  I chuckled, "You're right" and almost without thinking, I reached
across and ran my fingers across her right boob.

She jumped and I thought I'd gone too far.

"Oh, sorry", I laughed, "It was just instinctive.  It looked so cute; I just
wanted to see if I could feel it".

Her face was burning, "It's OK, I didn't mean to seem scared", she replied,
still giggling.  "It felt rather nice really! And I think you've woken it up
even more now!"

I couldn't believe what a sweet gem Emily was.  And I couldn't believe how
excited this was getting me.  My nips were really tingly now, and that
wasn't all!  I just had to get a bit more direct pressure on my pussy --
squeezing my thighs just wasn't doing enough any more.  I uncrossed my legs,
the skirt now lying high across my thighs and pressed my left hand down into
my lap.

Emily chuckled, "Are you getting horny Kate?  You'd better be careful or
that'll start to look a bit obvious!" and she looked meaningfully down at my
lap.

I laughed, "You're right, it's got me really going talking to you like this.
  I think I might just lay this magazine across my lap -- might help to hide
it a bit!"

"Well, you've got me going too", she giggled, "especially touching me like
that.  I can still feel where you touched now.  It sort of sent a shiver
right through me -- I guess you know where that shiver went down to!!  I
wouldn't mind if you did it again!"

Oh, this was too much!  She was now openly asking me to stroke her boobs.
My fingers under the mag pressed up under my skirt and found a pair of very
warm, very damp, panties.  I trembled, my own boobs feeling tight and
tingly.

"I'd love to", I whispered, "but I hope you'll return the favour!"

"Of course!" she giggled, "I've been dying to but didn't have the nerve!"

"We'd better be careful though -- don't want to shock anyone!" I said and
glanced around to check no-one was watching.  Then I leaned across and
pretended to whisper in her ear.  What I actually did was to give it a
little kiss as I quickly ran my fingers over first her right boob and then
her left.  They were exquisite, small but very firm, with hard little
buttons of nips pressing through her flimsy bra.

She gasped with pleasure, quickly suppressing it as soon as she realised,
but I could feel her body respond, pushing instinctively out against my
hand, lapping it up.

I pulled away after a few moments, scared that someone would see, but not
before the mag had slid off my lap, exposing the crotch of my panties and my
fingers against it.  This time it was my turn to go red with embarrassment,
even though Emily knew what I was doing -- and no-one else was looking
(luckily!).

She grinned at me, openly looking down at my hand and muttering, "Oh my God,
I've got to do that!  But first, it's my turn now!" and she leaned across
and repeated exactly what I'd done to her, but to me -- kissing my ear and
running her fingers over my already taut boobs and stiff nips.  I tried hard
to suppress a groan of pleasure, but it was very difficult.  My whole body
was shaking now with arousal and I found myself with a desperate urge to
make love to this sweet little 13-year old.

The arousal gave me a new level of boldness, and I leaned across to her
again and this time really did whisper in her ear. At the same time, I slid
a hand quickly up her firm slim thigh and homed in on a very hot damp
panty-covered pussy.

She squirmed, but with pleasure.

"Em", I whispered, "I can't take this any more.  Do you fancy coming to the
loo with me?"

She pushed her boyish hips forward, eagerly thrusting her pussy harder
against my hand and stammered, "Yes, please -- I'd love to".

We both wriggled out of the seats, straightening our skirts as best we could
on the way, and stumbled as fast as we could, without making it too obvious,
to the end of the carriage.  Thank goodness the loo was empty.  And even
better, it was one which was designed to take wheelchairs so there was
stacks of room!  We both stepped in quickly whilst no-one was looking and
eagerly closed the door behind us.  Then I put out my arms to hug Emily and
we both burst into laughter as we squeezed each other.

"Em", I stammered, "I've never done anything with a girl before.  But you
got me so horny in there, I really do need to get off -- and I'd really love
to do it with you. Is that OK?"

She squeezed me harder, her eyes wet with emotion.  "Yes, yes, yes please!"
she murmured.  "I really love masturbating but I've never even thought about
anything like this before.  But I couldn't believe how good it felt when you
touched me in there.  It was like an electric shock ran through me!  I love
it when I do that, but your touch was something else!"

I laughed with relief, with passion, and with sheer pleasure.  "Kiss me, Em.
  I'd love to feel your lips on mine!"

She didn't say anything, just looked up into my eyes and planted her sweet
lips on mine.  A powerful tingle shot through me and I clasped her tightly,
aware now that we were standing, that she was a good few inches shorted than
me, her firm little buds of breasts pressing hotly into my chest just below
mine.

I tentatively touched her lips with my tongue and she eagerly let it in.  In
moments we were panting with the excitement of the kiss, the feel of our
writhing tongues and sensitivity of our lips sending tremor after tremor
through our bodies.

We swayed from side to side as the train raced southwards, struggling to
keep out balance.  After a few moments, I pressed Emily back against the
side so we wouldn't lose our balance.  And as we stepped back against the
wall, I somehow found Em's thigh between mine and mine between hers.  The
slight pressure of her firm young muscle against my pussy made me almost
squeal with pleasure.  And as I did, I felt her push forward against my
thigh, a deep satisfied moan coming from her young mouth.

She was no newcomer to the joys of sex!  She knew she loved it even at her
tender age.  I could feel it in the thrust of her hips, as she fired herself
against me, her breathing getting more ragged already.

I slid my hands down her slender back to her backside.  Firm hard little
buttocks eagerly pushing her hot little pussy against me.  I squeezed them,
encouraging her.

"Oh my God, Kate!  Oh yes! Oh my God!" she moaned.

Our lips had broken apart, unable to hold the kiss as our breathing turned
to panting.  Emily had transformed from the gentle shy little girl who'd
first sat tentatively down beside me, to one who was overcome with lust!
And I really wanted to make it good for her now, as well as getting off
myself of course -- I was just as keen as she was for that!

After a few minutes of thrusting eagerly against each other, we broke apart,
panting heavily.  I looked down hungrily into her eyes - clear blue and
bright with passion.  I noticed her face was glowing with sweat.  And below,
her budding boobs were heaving as she panted, the hard little bumps of her
nips now clearly evident.  I bent down slightly and placed a kiss on each.
She giggled again, sexily pushing them forward at me.

I needed to see them.  I wanted to feel them naked beneath my lips.  I slid
my hands up from her bum and got hold of her top, easing it up.  She happily
raised her arms so that I could slip it over her head, exposing a sweet
little bra -- just two tiny cups of sheer silky material, only serving to
emphasise the hard bumps beneath.  I quickly reached behind her and found
the catch, undoing it. She slipped it over her arms and tossed it in the
basin beside her, lurching suddenly as the train rocked and shook as it flew
along, throwing us from side to side.

I felt a shiver of anticipation as I looked down at her, now naked from the
waist up.  Her little boobs were just as I'd imagined -- perfect pale
swellings against her tanned chest, topped by hard brown buttons.  I quickly
bent to take them in my mouth, sucking first one delectable little nipple
followed by the other.  She groaned with pleasure, her hands clasping my
head eagerly against her.  It felt so weird.  I'd never ever sucked a girl's
nipple before, at least not since I was a baby!  But it sent shivers of
delight through me.  I cupped each of the sweet little breasts in my hand in
turn as I sucked and nibbled and licked.  So pert, so eager!  And so
responsive -- she was loving it, groaning happily with pleasure.

I reached down my other hand and slid it eagerly up under her skirt, quickly
finding her warm, damp panties.  She moved her legs slightly further apart
encouragingly and I rubbed my fingers over the tight material covering her
pussy.  She grunted, jerking forward against me.  I couldn't wait to go
further and quickly eased them to one side and found her smooth hairless
pussy beneath.  The two little puffy lips were hot and sticky and my fingers
slid easily between them, sliding up and down.  She groaned again, pushing
her hips hard forward, wanting more.  Her breathing was fast and ragged now,
her body shaking with more than just the train movements.  Suddenly she
shuddered violently, gasping with emotion, as a small orgasm shook her to
the core.

"Ohhhh yessss!" she groaned, "But please don't stop!"  My fingers pressed
harder, slipping further between the lips.  I rubbed over them, between
them, back and forth, up and down, and she simply seemed to be getting
wilder and wilder, quite unfazed by her first orgasm!

I sought out her little clit.  The button was quite positive, hot and
swollen.  I stroked around it and then, as she shrieked with pleasure,
pressed hard against it.  She cried out as though in pain, but I could tell
by the urgent thrusting that she was really in ecstasy.  Her grunts became a
long drawn out cry of pleasure and her hips took on a life of their own,
thrusting hard and urgently against my hand.  My fingers were just inside
her lips, up against her still unbroken hymen, the palm of my hand against
her clit.  I'd straightened up my body by now as I couldn't keep my lips on
her breasts any longer -- she was writhing about too wildly.  But I managed
to keep my other hand free for rubbing and squeezing her gorgeous little
breasts and nipples.  Her hands were on my back now, clutching me to her.  I
felt her small fingers slip under my top, sliding over the bare skin of my
back.  I shivered with pleasure.

She forced her clit hard against my hand and with a shriek, she started to
come again, her fingers digging urgently into my skin.  I pinched her
nipples harder and pressed back with my hand against her pussy and her whole
body shook and shuddered as though she was having a fit.  Fire coursed
through me as well.  I was really close to coming myself, so excited was I
at bringing such pleasure to this sweet thing.  It was difficult to believe
that such a slight body could exude so much energy, her slim hips thrusting
and writhing vigorously against me.

At last, she started to calm down, panting hard, her face a sheen of sweat,
her eyes wide with passion.  She pressed herself to me, holding tightly,
perhaps fearful of losing her footing.  The train was slowing slightly,
possibly approaching a station.  We ignored it, only vaguely aware of the
changing rhythm of the wheels.

I bent down and kissed her softly on the lips.  She smiled sweetly up at me,
"Thanks, Kate.  That was incredible!  Far better than anything I've ever
done before" and she broke away from the kiss and laid her head against my
breasts, nuzzling against them.  I stroked her head, enjoying the pressure
of her against me, my boobs tight and sensitive still.  She rubbed a bit
more, then pressed her cheek back and forth over my right nipple.  I moaned
softly -- I was fantastically turned on still.

"I think you need a bit of attention too don't you", she chuckled.  "I'd
love to kiss these, and maybe have a little suck.  May I?"

"I'd love you to", I sighed, "Here, let's get this off for a start".  I
eased myself back from her slightly and whisked my top off over my head.
"There we are.  Now the bra!"

Emily was looking at my bra as I reached behind to undo it, licking her
lips.  "Wow!" she murmured.  It was a nice little bra -- one of my favourites
-- virtually no structure at all - just very fine, soft, white material
clinging to my boobs.  They didn't really need any support and it certainly
didn't provide any -- it was more just something to cover them really -- but
then, of course, that's exactly what Emily's sweet little one had done too.
I quickly peeled it off once the strap was undone and Emily watched eagerly.

"Oh, yes!  Gorgeous!" she breathed.  "I just knew they were beautiful
before!"

I smiled, "Come on then.  They're desperate for your touch".

She tentatively reached out and ran her fingers over them.  Fire coursed
through me and I shivered with excitement.  She grinned as I moaned
encouragement at her and leaned forward to kiss them.  Her soft warm lips
alighted on my right nipple and very softly kissed it, her lips then opening
slightly and her tongue slipping out to brush across the top.  I groaned
with pleasure as delicious sensations ran through me.  This girl was a
natural!  And then she was softly sucking whilst moving her tongue back and
forth over it.  I squirmed with pleasure -- it was lovely.

As Emily enjoyed herself with my boobs, I was vaguely aware that the train
had come to a stop.  Through the frosted glass window of the loo, I could
just make out a few people walking along a station platform.  I briefly
wondered where we were before quickly switching my mind back to enjoying
Emily's ministrations -- the train stopping really didn't affect us.  The
only thing that might do was the occasionally rattling at the loo door as
someone tried to get in!  Each time, we just ignored them, hoping they'd get
bored and move on to try another one eventually!

Emily was moving from one boob to another, my nips now tingling furiously
with all of her gorgeous attention, and now as hard and swollen as I'd ever
known them.  I stroked her sweet little head, running my fingers through her
long fair hair, clasping her to me, encouraging her enthusiastically.  My
pussy was burning with excitement too now, and I was desperate for pressure
against it.  I found myself twisting my thighs against each other, trying to
get a bit of tension into it.  She soon realised what I needed and, reaching
down with her right hand, she quickly slid it up under my skirt and I
trembled with anticipation.  Then I felt the soft touch of her fingers as
they reached my very damp panties. I grunted with pleasure and pressed
forward encouragingly.  She rubbed over my panties, pressing against them,
and I groaned again.  My God, I wanted her to make me come now!

I muttered hoarsely to her, "Take them off, Em.  Please take them off!"

"OK", she replied, chuckling slightly at my eagerness.  And so saying, she
quickly moved her hand up to the waistband and eased them down.  I reached
down with my own hand to help.  The panties were tight and damp and I was
very sweaty now, so it wasn't that easy to get them down.  But we soon
managed between us and I lifted a leg and pushed them over my foot.  They
dangled from the other ankle but I was too desperate to bother about that at
the moment.  At least my pussy was free now and I could open my thighs as
much as I wanted.

Emily returned her mouth to my boobs while quickly moving her hand back up
under my skirt to my now bare pussy.  I was frantic now for her, my body
starting to shake.

"Yes, please, Em", I moaned, thrusting forward eagerly.

Oh what heaven!  Her little fingers struck home immediately, slipping
straight between my swollen wet lips.  I gasped, clutching her to me harder.

I was vaguely aware of the door rattling again behind me but pushed it from
my mind.  The train was at least moving again now so was drowning out our
noises better.

I found myself urging her on, muttering things like, "Oh, yesss, Em, harder!
  Oh my God, yes!"

Her fingers pressed deeper, slipping into me. Pressing home hard.  I writhed
against them, the pressure really building now.  I was getting very very
close.  She nibbled harder on my left nipple, and now had two fingers inside
me, driving them hard.  I felt her curl them inside me, pressing her hand
down on my clit.  I squealed with pleasure and felt the wave about to break.
  I thrust back and forth against her, firing myself wildly.  The pressure
built higher and higher.  It must break any second.  But still it increased.
  I lost all awareness of where I was.  My whole world centred on the
fantastic sensations this sweet girl was bringing to my boobs and my pussy.
My body writhed and bucked, barely able to stay on my feet.

"Yes, yes, yessss!", I squealed, and at last, at long last, the dam broke,
and the waves of pleasure rolled through me -- wave after wave, coursing
through my whole body.  My legs gave out and I collapsed on the floor, Emily
clinging to me as I went down, and cute thing that she was, never once
letting go!  And still I bucked and shook as the sensations only slowly
subsided.  I was soaked with sweat and panting furiously -- but I felt as
though I'd gone to heaven, and my heart went out to this lovely girl and at
that moment I loved her more than anyone or anything in the world.

The train sped on.  And the door rattled again.  At last I opened my eyes
and gradually came back down to earth.  I looked down at the tousled haired
head resting now between my bare breasts.  Slowly she looked up, a bright
very pink face, covered in sweat and saliva -- and with a smile that went
straight to my heart. I beamed back at her.

"Thanks, Em.  That was absolutely brilliant!"

She moved up a little and we reached round and hugged each other hard, our
sweaty naked breasts sliding over each other as we kissed tenderly.  I'd
never felt anything quite like this before.  I felt so protective of her, so
loving towards her.  I was so happy in her arms I was almost shedding tears
of emotion!

The door rattled again and I looked at her and said, "I suppose we'll have
to move.  I could do this for the rest of the journey but I guess we might
get into trouble.  Come on, maybe we should tidy ourselves up a bit."

We eventually dragged ourselves to our feet and looked each other up and
down -- and simultaneously burst out laughing.  We were both such a mess -
our hair a total disaster, our faces smeared and sweaty, naked from the
waist up, and skirts which looked very badly screwed up!  We put our bras
and tops back on and tidied ourselves up as best we could.  At least there
were water and paper towels in there to wipe our faces.  Then, having
checked each other over, we affectionately kissed, and nervously opened the
door.  We were met by the sight of a middle-aged woman looking distinctly
annoyed.  And when she realised that there were two of us emerging, her face
took on an even crosser look.

"There are other people who need to use these facilities", she muttered, and
stomped in.

We waited until she had closed the door and then burst into a fit of
giggles.  "Oh dear, we were using `these facilities' for a bit too long I
think", I said, mockingly, and Emily giggled again.  Moments later we were
sliding back into our seats as though nothing had happened -- well, apart
from the fact that we still both looked quite flushed, and still a little
tousled!  But inside, of course, we both felt very different.  I felt
marvellously relaxed, a deep warm glow seemed to have spread right through
me and I just sat back, smiling broadly.  I looked across at Emily and she
looked back at me, her face a picture of health and happiness as well ...


----------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 5: all-masked-up 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 02 Apr 2005 03:09:57 -0500
From: harald v <haraldv1@loveable.com>
Subject: all masked up and ready to go

THE FOLLOWING STORY DEALS WITH LESBIAN YOUTH EXPLORATION, AND WITH FETISHES
(MASK). IF ANY OF THIS BOTHERS YOU, DO NOT READ FURTHER.

I DO LIKE, AND RESPOND TO EMAIL: haraldv1@loveable.com Thanks.


Erin Webb, her daughter Kylie, and Kylie's friend Sarah Petrucelli passed
through security at the brand new San Diego airport with no problem. Kylie
retrieved her gray backpack while Erin and Sarah each grabbed a huge navy
blue tote bag that they had all helped pack. They were off to find Gate 38
to board RimAir Flight 77 to Tokyo. This was a flight that Erin had
promised Kylie a few months ago. For her good grades, Kylie would be
allowed to take a school friend anywhere in the world she wanted in the
spring of 2003, which this day fell in. Kylie naturally chose Sarah, who
had been her best friend since Kylie was 6 and Sarah 8.
	Kylie was now twelve, a precocious, studious, lovely girl who had
already graduated eighth grade. She was four feet, ten inches tall, and
very slim. Her skin had a dark tan to it. She had light brown hair with
subtle blonde streaks, and beautiful brown eyes. She kept her hair in a
pony tail, held together with a black scrunchie. Today, she wore a black
cotton v-neck blouse, a black miniskirt, black stockings, and black mary
janes. With her somewhat tight-fitting blouse, one could see that she was
just beginning to develop breasts. At this stage, they appeared somewhat
droopy, and protruded about the width of a plum.  Her friend Sarah was an
equally lovely girl. Like Kylie, she wasn't dainty, but had obviously not
become a woman yet. Sarah was fourteen years old, and a frequent classmate
of Kylie. She was five feet tall and fairly slim, but athletic, from being
on their club soccer team. Sarah had a very subtle tan. She wore her
slightly wavy platinum blonde hair down, where it reached her shoulders.
She always accentuated it with a pink barette. Her eyes were bright blue,
which matched much of what she was wearing today. Today, she wore a powder
blue button up shirt, a dark blue denim miniskirt, white cable-knit tights
and gray sneakers. Sarah got cold pretty easily, so she was sure to wear
her navy blue zip up hoodie, which she had the zipper down on at that
point.
	"Look!" Sarah ponted at a sign. "38, right? This must be it."
	"Yuppers. RimAir 77. Good eyes." Erin said.
	Erin stepped out of the gate area for a walk, thinking she'd get
some last minute things at the convenience store by Gate 46.
	"So...excited?!?!" Kylie beamed.
	"Yeah! You ever had sushi?" Sarah asked curiously.
	"Ick! Never had it here. I'm certainly not having it there!" said
Kylie.
	"Awww. Live a little!" said Sarah.
	"What if it has, like...dog meat? Ethnic food here often isn't like
it is in the actual country." offered Kylie.
	"Hmm." Sarah pondered Kylie's point.
	"So, did you bring those PJ's your grandma sent you?" Kylie asked,
changing the subject.
	"Uhhhh. Noooo!! Besides, there'll be complimentary kimonos at this
place we're staying at. That cool or what?!" said Sarah.
	"Awww. But you looked so cuuute in those footie jammies you wore at
the sleepover!" Kylie giggled.
	"My mother made me wear them." Sarah rolled her eyes in resentment.
"Who wears footie PJ's beyond, like...six? Who, I ask?"
	"Well...I do. And I'm twelve." Kylie offered. "If they keep you
warm, who cares, right?"
	"I guess. But we're getting KIMONOS! How cool is that?" Sarah
beamed.
	"Cool." giggled Kylie, unimpressed.
	Sarah looked up and saw Erin in the distance. Erin, who was thirty,
was about five feet, ten inches tall. She had long, blonde, ponytailed
hair, brown eyes, and a moderate tan.  She was wearing a pink shirt,
whitewash denim shorts, white socks and white sneakers. This showed off her
rather athletic build. She was also quite obviously wearing a push up bra,
which accentuated what looked like C-cup breasts.
	Erin got up to where the girls were sitting, and gave them each a
white plastic bag.
	"Here you kids go. Just some stuff I bought you to pass the
time. Just a little 'care package' 'cause I care about you two." Erin said,
laughing at her own corny demeanor.
	"Thanks, Mom", said Kylie.
	"Yeah, thanks!" said Sarah.
	Kylie and Sarah peeked into their bags, taking things out as they
went. They both got a big bag of cheese popcorn, a package of Twizzlers, a
bag of beef jerky, and a pen and crozzword puzzle book.
	"I have something else for you two. You might not like it, but it's
for your own good" said Erin in a rare motherly tone.
	"Ooookay." Kylie laughed.
	Kylie watched Sarah open up the box given her first. Sarah pulled
out a black, disposable dust mask with a small, white valve on the
front. Dangling from it were two yellow rubber bands. Sarah looked at Kylie
in horror and then at Erin. She watched as Kylie, who appeared unfazed,
placed the mask over her nose and mouth. She brought the top band and
rested it above her ears, and stretched the lower band down to the base of
her neck. She pressed both sides of the nose clip together, tightening the
seal.
	"Oh my god!", Kylie stared at Sarah, tears welling up in her eyes.
	"Kylie, stand up and look straight ahead in the distance." urged
Sarah.
	Kylie stood up, dropping the mask to the floor. In the far end of
the seating area, she saw a group of about twentyfive passengers, mostly in
their twenties, all presumably Japanese, and all female. They looked like
they might be exchange students. Some were in jeans and hoodies, others
were dressed more formally. She noticed that they all were wearing surgical
masks, some green, some white, some yellow.
	"See? We're not alone." said Sarah.
	"Uh huh. But---Uhhh. Why?" asked Kylie, still shaking.
	"Well, in Japan, people mask themselves to avoid spreading the
common cold. It's just basically a fashion accessory. Not weird at all to
them." explained Sarah.
	"Hmmm." Kylie sniffled, eyes red from crying.
	"And with that SARS thing that Mr. Thompson talked about.in
science..." started Sarah.
	"Better safe than sorry, huh?" finished Kylie.
	Sarah grabbed Kylie's mask from the floor.
	"Sit down, Ky. I'll help you out." offered Sarah.
	Kylie sat down and turned her head toward Kylie. Sarah gently held
the black mask over Kylie's nose and mouth. She brought one yellow band to
the base of Kylie's neck, and the other to the crown of her head.
	"Wait. Ky, hold still." said Erin, face also masked. Erin pulled up
Kylie's ponytail so the top rubber band could rest underneath it. "That's
better. Your pony tail was caught. Ooooookay, now you girls need to keep
your facemasks on until we get into the hotel. SARS is a very serious
thing, and everybody in Tokyo will be on guard. It's only about a fifteen
hour flight."
	"RIMAIR IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE THE GENERAL BOARDING OF FLIGHT 77:
NON-STOP SERVICE TO TOKYO." announced a ticket agent over the intercom.
	"OK, guys. Let's go. We're seats 8A, B and C." chirped Erin.
	The girls followed Erin into the seats, Erin in the window seat,
Kylie in the middle, and Sarah in the aisle. They all buckled up. Sarah got
a big blanket for the girls to share. The girls proceeded to doze off
immediately, Kylie resting her head on Sarah's shoulder.

	Sarah woke up after only two hours to find that Kylie had
inadvertently put her hand in Sarah's lap. Sarah glanced over to her left
and saw that Kylie was still sound asleep. Apparently her mask ceased to
bother her. Sarah pleasantly sighed. She had long been questioning her own
sexuality. She and Kylie had always been close, but lately she had begun to
feel closer somehow.
	Sarah's heart began to race. She could feel a gentle but distinct
tingling between her legs. Seeing that just about her whole body was
covered by a thick blanket, she felt a hightened sense of privacy that she
was eager to take advantage of. She slowly lowered her right hand down her
body and flipped up her skirt, struggling to get her hand underneath her
tights.
	Oblivious to what Sarah was doing, Kylie jerked upward, still
asleep, and rested her head on Erin's shoulder, startling Sarah. Sarah
caught her breath and continued to discreetly slide her right hand down to
her vagina, which was already sticky and warm. She began to slowly insert
her index finger into her bald vagina, making a slow "come hither"
motion. She began to breath very deeply, trying to pass it off as sighing.
	Sarah looked quickly at the passenger on the other side of the
aisle, making sure she didn't notice. She then began to thrust her vagina
with two fingers, making sure to move only her fingers, and not her
arm. Fairly easy to do, as Sarah's vaginal walls were completely coated
with thick lubrication now. Her nipples were hard now, and even her face
was becoming pleasantly sensitized to the mask covering it. It was starting
to tingle. Sarah let out a loud grunt, which was a feeble attempt at
stifling an even louder moan. Her body became rigid.
	"Sarah, what ARE you doing, dear?" Kylie asked suddenly, giggling.
	Sarah gasped.
	"Wha...? Oh. Uhhhh....nothing." An uncomfortable silence ensued. "I
gotta go to the bathroom."
	"Actually, so do I." said Kylie.
	Kylie led the way to the front lavatories. She entered the
left-side lavatory. She took Sarah's hand and led her in as well. No one
seemed to notice. Kylie then slid down her panties, which, oddly, were
white, not black.She sat on the toilet.
	"Lock the door." said Kylie.
	Sarah obliged. Kylie then took off her mask, casting it aside.
	"Take off your facemask." she said to Sarah.
	Sarah obliged---for a moment.
	Holding her mask an inch or two over her mouth, Sarah asked,
"Wait. One or two?"
	"Two." Kylie said.
	"Oh, gawwwwd." Sarah gagged, resting her mask on her face again.
	"But there's lots of time for that. First things first. I want you
to go down on me."
	Kylie spread her legs. Sarah got on her knees. She shyly moved her
head forward, and started to gently kiss Kylie's bald clitoris. Kylie
gasped. Sarah then began to move her tongue up and down gently but
quickly. Meanwhile, Kylie reached up underneath her blouse and started to
massage her small breasts. She moaned softly amidst her heavy, quick
breathing.
	Suddenly, Sarah began to notice her lips and chin were squirted by
a thick, musky-smelling, fluid from Kylie's vagina. Sarah moved her tongue
to just below it. She then took her left hand and began rubbing Kylie's
clitoris while lapping up the thick secretions that were constantly oozing
out of her vagina now. Kylie held on to the metal bar beside her as her
back started to arch. She grunted seven or eight times as her body started
to go into spasms of extacy. About fourty seconds later, Kylie's body
relaxed. She took a deep breath.
	Kylie got up from the toilet and embraced Sarah. She opened her
mouth and began to kiss her, sliding her tongue slowly but steadily into
Sarah's mouth, making them both moan. For the first time, Kylie could taste
her own vaginal secretions. She had never experienced that before, even
though she had learned to masturbate at age nine.
	Kylie lifted Sarah's skirt and wedged her hand underneath Sarah's
damp underpants and tights. She began to stroke Sarah's bald vagina, which
was oozing thick, sticky secretions. Sarah moaned, spreading her legs a
bit. With one hand, Kylie started to make circluar motions on Sarah's
clitoris, and with the other, she reached up Sarah's shirt and massaged her
left breast. Sarah started to grunt loudly and repeatedly. Her breathing
became loud. Her vagina continued to drench her panties and thighs in thick
liquid. Sarah had never been so excited.
	Kylie began to thrust Sarah's vagina with her index and middle
fingers. Sarah gasped. She reached up and started to fondle her own
breasts, noticing that her nipples were now very hard. Her stomach muscles
pulled in. Her vagina forced out more of its fluid, a little of which made
it to the floor. Sarah made one prolonged moan as her orgasm hit. She
leaned, still standing, on the door to ride out the glorious minute-long
spasms.
	Once Sarah relaxed and composed herself, she realized she had
forgotten her face was covered in secretions and saliva from going down on
her friend. She began to move her arm so as to wipe it all off.
	"No! Wait! Don't! Here! Put your facemask back on. That'll cover up
my pussy juice just fine so no one will notice. Plus, you'll get to smell
me all the way to the hotel." Kylie quipped.
	Sarah put her mask back on, looking in the mirror to make sure it
was on properly.
	"OK! You gotta go now. I need to go potty." Kylie warned.
	"Ewwww! Have fun without me!" Sarah said. With that she left the
stall and reclaimed her seat.
	"What took you so long, Sarah?" Erin asked, concerned.
	"Oh, nothing." said Sarah, grinning ear to ear, something obvious
even with her mask on. "Last night's tacos didn't go down right. That's
all." Sarah then fell back asleep.

To Be Continued.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 6: amanda-and-audrey 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 16 May 2015 17:46:08 -0400
From: McKenzie Lyon <mckenzielyon.sexystories69@gmail.com>
Subject: Amanda and Audrey

This story is a work of fiction. Any likenesses to persons, living or dead,
or events, are completely coincidental. I hope you enjoy this story. If you
would like to contact me, this is my email specifically for this type of
stuff: McKenzieLyon.SexyStories69@gmail.com. I can even send out a
newsletter when I upload a new story, if you would like.

Audrey and Amanda seemed like your everyday 4th grade best friends. Audrey
was 5 feet tall, had straight brown hair, and no pubic hair. She was
skinny, and her breasts were small and were barely more than bumps on her
chest, and her pussy was tight and a little puffy with basically no
lips. Amanda was slightly taller, at 5 foot 1 inch, and she had much the
same complexion as Audrey. The only difference was that Amanda had somewhat
large lips on her pussy. It seemed like the two were always together doing
something. If it weren't for the fact that they didn't look like each
other, you wouldn't know they weren't sisters.

One day during summer break they were hanging out at Audrey's house, and
since it was hot they had decided to go to the water park just down the
road. They went back to Audrey's room, closed the door, and stripped
down. Being naked around each other was nothing new to them, and it was not
weird to be naked around each other, since they were best friends.

"Amanda, where'd I put my bikini?"

"I think I saw it on your computer chair!"

Audrey walked over to her computer chair, but sat down in it. She started
humping it.

"Audrey, what are you doing?"

"Tickling myself. It feels funny, but it feels really good."

"Come here. I know what to do."

Audrey came over to Amanda, and when Amanda told her to get her butt on the
end of the bed and lay down, she did.

"Now tell me if this hurts. It might a little at first, but it feels good
after that."

Amanda licked her fingers and ran them up and down Audrey's slit to lube it
up. She licked them again and slid them in Audrey's tight slit. Audrey
jumped, but continued to let Amanda do her thing. Amanda slid her fingers
most of the way out, and slid them back in, each time going deeper and
faster. In just over a minute, Audrey's young pussy was wet. Amanda stopped
and grabbed her hairbrush. She licked the handle so it was glistening in
her spit. She then slid it into Audrey's pussy. Audrey jumped and moaned
loudly. The fairly small handle of the brush felt big in her small pussy,
and Amanda noticed that it took some work to slide it in and out. In just
10 minutes, Audrey was moaning and gasping, her pussy twitching and her
body contracting. She froze up and moaned loudly. She had her first
orgasm. Nothing came out of her pussy though, since she was still too young
for that. Amanda licked her friend's pussy off, and then they swapped
places.

"Now, you know what I did to you right?"

"Yeah. What's it called?"

"I don't know. But I saw two girls going that in an ad on my computer. They
seemed to like it. By the way, I found out that if you need to make your
fingers or the handle of my brush yet, you should just be able to stick
them in you for now. You were pretty wet down there. Oh and also, that
clear stuff that comes out of you tastes good. You have to try mine."

"Okay."

With that, Audrey licked her fingers and ran them up and down Amanda's slit
so it was wet. She then licked them again, but noticed some of the fluid
had come out of Amanda's pussy. She finger fucked Amanda and switched over
to the hairbrush. Audrey slid it in her own pussy twice to get it wet, and
then put it at the entrance to Amanda's pussy. She slid it in carefully,
but noticed that it fit a lot easier in Amanda's pussy than her own,
probably since Amanda did this more than her. In just half the time, Amanda
climaxed, and a small amount of her fluids crept out of her pussy. Audrey
took the brush out of Amanda's pussy, and licked her slit clean.

"Wow, you're right. That does taste good!"

"Told you. Now, let's get our stuff on and go in your pool instead. I don't
wanna walk to the waterpark now. By the way, don't tell anyone about this,
since we might get in trouble. After all, it did have to do with our parts
down there."

"Okay."

They got their bikinis on and got in the pool. They swam together, and
after a while they got tired. They floated in a spot for a few, rubbing
their finger up and down the other girl's slit slowly. At this point,
something clicked inside each of them. They realized that they had a crush
on each other.

STAY TUNED FOR PART 2!

Want an email when I upload a new story? Subscribe here!
http://bit.ly/1CjoM1u

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 7: anna-and-barbie 
---------------------------------------- 
Message-ID: <201328Z30101995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an234413@anon.penet.fi
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.stories
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Reply-To: an234413@anon.penet.fi
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 1995 20:12:31 UTC
Subject: Anna and Barbie play house -- (ff, teen/pedo, anal, incest, kinky) (fwd)
Lines: 458

> 
> This is a story I wrote.  Please Read and enjoy
> 
> Disclaimer: This story contains the various sex acts described above
> as well as others.  If you do not desire to read explicit sexual erotica,
> then press 'n' now.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Anna and Barbie
> _______________
>         Anna knelt in her 'secret place'.  It was dark.  The only light came 
> in through a crack in the wall.  When her family had moved into this house a 
> year ago she had found this small cubby-hole behind a secret panel in her 
> closet.  She had covered the entrance with some clothes and hadn't told anyone 
> about it.  Whenever she wanted to be alone, she could come here and nobody 
> could find her.  Tonight she knelt, naked, here so she could 'pet' herself.  
> She didn't know why it felt so good when she petted herself, but she knew she 
> didn't want her parents to know.  She was sure her mother would tell her it 
> 'wasn't right'.  She had overheard her sister getting lectured about it a few 
> years ago, and now she knew why her sister did it.  
>         Anna's sister Barbie was 15 to Anna's 11.  Through the crack in the 
> wall she could see into her sister's room.  She knew that Barbie still petted 
> herself, even after she was told not to.  Now Anna watched through the crack 
> to see if her sister would do it again tonight.  Barbie lay in bed, still, but 
> not asleep.  Anna was about to give up on her when Barbie sat up in bed 
> suddenly, then went to the window.  Anna couldn't see the window clearly, but 
> when Barbie came back into sight, she had a boy with her.  It was Alan 
> Thompson.  Anna thought Barbie had stopped going out with him because their 
> mother didn't like him.  "I guess not." Anna thought.
>         Barbie started kissing the boy and removing his shirt.  She kissed his 
> chest and licked his nipples.  Anna thought how good that must feel as she 
> flicked her own tiny nipples with her fingers.  Barbie was now removing his 
> pants.  Alan closed his eyes and licked his lips a little.  Anna wondered what 
> her sister was going to do.  Anna had never seen a boys privates, but her 
> mother had told her that they were different from hers.  She watched intently 
> as Barbie retrieved Alan's penis from his boxers.  It was long and round and 
> kind of funny looking.  Anna almost giggled at the shape.  She could barely 
> make out Alan saying something like "Suck my cock."  This was followed by 
> Barbie sushing him so no one would hear.
>         Anna thought his private part must be called a 'cock'.  Barbie took 
> Alan's cock into her mouth.  Anna wondered if she were going to eat it.  She 
> was almost relieved when she saw it emerge again from her sister's mouth, 
> intact.  Barbie was licking it like a lolly-pop.  She licked for a minute or 
> so and then some white stuff squirted out of the end of it into Barbie's 
> mouth.  Anna wondered what that was, but it looked awfully messy as her sister 
> tried to clean it up.  After Barbie had wiped the stuff up with some kleenex,  
> she raised up her nightie and sat down on her bed.  Anna couldn't see as well, 
> but sould tell Alan's hand was doing something.  After a minute or two, Barbie 
> began so jerk around on the bed.  Anna decided Alan must have been petting her 
> and decided it must feel really good.  Barbie finally lay still again.  Alan 
> leaned over her and kissed her again.  Then he put his clothes back on and 
> must have left through the window.  
>         All this time Anna had been petting herself very slowly.  She wanted 
> to make sure she didn't 'go over' as she called it, too fast.  Anna had 
> decided the show was over for the night,  but then her sister got up and went 
> out of view.  When she came back, she had pulled off her nightie altogether.  
> Barbie was blonde with fairly large breasts (for 15) and a round bottom to 
> match.  Anna thought about how nice her sisters bottom was.  Anna licked her 
> middle finger and moved it to her own bottom-hole.  Anna wasn't sure why she 
> liked sticking her finger in her bottom so much,  but she knew that she'd like 
> to stick it in Barbie's bottom too.  She slowly relaxed her bottom-hole until 
> she could slide about half of her middle finger into it.  She continued petting 
> herself with her other hand and she wiggled her finger in her bottom.  This 
> felt really great.  
>         Anna looked up and noticed Barbie on the egde of her bed with her legs 
> spread,  and she had a white cylinder of some kind in her hand.  She seemed to 
> push it into herself somehow.  Anna thought she must be putting it in her 
> privates.  Anna had tried putting her finger in her privates, but it hurt too 
> much if she pushed very hard.  She found she could push her finger into her 
> bottom much further if she licked it enough.  She was still watching her 
> sister intently.  Barbie began to wiggle on the bed again, this time even more 
> than with Alan.  Anna licked her middle finger again, getting it real wet with 
> spit and stuck it all the way in her bottom.  The sensation was too much for 
> the little girl and she almost whimpered as she went 'over'.  
>         When Anna looked back up again, she got a better look at the white 
> thing Barbie had had in her privates.  It was about 7 inches long and about 
> 1-1/2 inches thick.  She wondered how it would feel in her bottom.  She 
> decided to find out.
> 
> 
>         A few days later, Barbie was out in the backyard in the pool.  Anna 
> knew her parents wouldn't be home for another 2 hours at least.  She slipped 
> into her sister's bedroom.  Since Anna and Barbie were the only children, they 
> had always had room to have seperate bedrooms.  Anna knew that barbie kept a 
> lot of things hidden in her dresser somewhere, but from the view she had in 
> her secret place, she could never quite tell where.  She opened the bottom 
> drawer and looked through the clothes in it.  She didn't find anything.  She 
> went to the next drawer.  Then the next.  The top drawer was almost too high 
> for her.  She pulled it open a little too far and the drawer slipped out and 
> dropped to the floor with a loud thud.  She hoped her sister couldn't hear 
> that out in the pool.  She quickly tried to figure out how to put the drawer 
> back in, when she noticed something inside the dresser, behind where the top 
> drawer went.  It was some kind of box.  She reached in a pulled the box out.
>         Just then Barbie rushed into the room.  "Anna, are you alright?" she 
> asked before she noticed the drawer.
>         "Barbie.  I thoguht you were in the pool."
>         "Well I was in the Kitchen getting a drink when I heard -." She 
> stopped realizing where they were and what her sister had found.  "What are 
> you doing in here?"
>         "Looking for this."  Anna held up the long white thing she had seen 
> her sister use on herself.
>         "You're too young for that.  What do you know about that?"
>         "I know you put it in you the other night.  And I know Alan was here."
>         "How did you know that?" Barbie glared at her sister.
>         "I can't tell.  But I will tell Mom and Dad about Alan unless you 
> show me what to do with this."   
>         "You little extortionist."  Barbie said almost admiring her sister's 
> cunning.  "Alright, what do you want to know?"  Barbie was still in her damp 
> one piece bathing suit.  Anna's red hair was pulled back through a baseball 
> cap.  She had on a pair of shorts and a tube top to keep cool since it was so 
> hot this summer.  
>         "Get undressed and show me how this thing works."  Barbie slipped out 
> of her one piece bathing suit and sat on the bed.  
>         "Hand me my box."  Barbie motioned to the box Anna had found in the 
> dresser.  Anna brought it to her.  Barbie pulled out a tube and the white 
> cylinder.  She help up the white thing and said "This is a vibrator."  She 
> indicated the tube in her other hand.  "This is KY jelly.  It makes things 
> slippery."
>         "Where did you get them?"  Anna asked. 
>         "Aunt Jenny gave me the vibrator and told me how to give a blow job, 
> like I did to Alan.  She said it would help me keep the boys happy,  and the 
> vibrator would keep me happy, and I wouldn't end up pregnant.  I got the KY at 
> the hospital.  It's been pretty easy to sneak some out since I'm volunteering 
> as a Candy-stiper on tuesday and thursday mornings this summer."  Barbie 
> flipped the cap open on the KY and squirted some of the clear lube onto the 
> vibrator.  She put down the KY on the bed beside her.  "You wanted an 
> education, little sister?  Well this is my pussy."  She pulled back the lips 
> around her pussy.  "And this is my clitty."  She flicked it lightly with her 
> finger and bit her lip a bit with pleasure.  "Do you ever play with your 
> clitty,  Anna?"                         
>         Anna was watching mesmerized by her sister's lewdness.  She nodded 
> silently.
>         "Take off your clothes, Anna.  I want to see you play with yourself.  
> Pet your clitty for me."  Anna pulled off her shorts and underwear at the same 
> time, then removed her tube top.  She had been in control before, but now she 
> was so rapt in this scene from her dreams before her, that she could not help 
> but obey.  She knelt down like she had so many times in her secret place, and 
> began to pet herself.  She started to lick her middle finger, but decided she 
> should not play with her bottom until the time was right.  
>         "I'm about to fuck myself with this vibrator."  Barbie smeared the 
> jelly around the entire length of the white shaft.  She lay back and slid the 
> vibrator ever so slowly into her pussy.  This time Anna had a superb view of 
> what was happening.  She flicked her clitty as she had seen her sister do 
> before.  She jumped, startled at the intense pleasure it sent through her.  
> She did it again.  and again.  In just a few minutes she was going over.  She 
> let herself gasp aloud.
>         "That's right baby sister.  Cum for your big sis.  Cum for me Anna."  
> Barbie coaxed.
>         When Anna had partly recovered she could see her sister pounding the 
> vibrator into herself furiously.  Seconds later, she was cumming too.
>         After a few minutes both had recovered.  "We'd better clean up quick.  
> Mom and Dad will be home soon."  Anna agreed and the girls got dressed and 
> cleaned up everything.
> 
> 
>         That night, after their parents were asleep, Anna went to Barbie's 
> room.  "Barbie?" Anna peeked in through the door.
>         "I expected to see you tonight, sis.  More education?"
>         Anna nodded.  She really wanted to see more of Barbie's body.  Anna 
> closed the door behind her.  Barbie was already nude, and Anna pulled off her 
> gown on her way to Barbie's bed. "Is Alan coming again tonight?"
>         "No.  His Grandparents are in town for the next week and he can't get 
> out at night.  Have you ever let any one else pet you?"
>         "No."
>         "Why don't you lay back and let your big sis take care of you."
>         Anna laid back in the bed with her legs slightly spread.  Barbie lay 
> between Anna's legs propped up on one elbow.  She slowly touched the nearly 
> hairless 11 year old mound.  She rubbed up and down over Anna's vulva.  Anna 
> was in heaven.  Involuntarily she spread her legs further, until they were 
> spread as wide as they could go.  This spreading parted her nether lips and 
> Barbie was given a good view of her little sister's pussy.  She rubbed her 
> hand into the slit and up and down.  Anna moaned lightly and bit her lip to 
> keep from being any louder.  Barbie's hand was slippery with her sisters 
> juices she began to flick Anna's little clitoris.  Anna jumped at the first 
> few flicks then settled into the shear pleasure of the experience.  In just a 
> minute her clitoris was swolen to twice normal size and with one last flick, 
> she was cumming.  This was more intense than any of her little cums in her 
> secret place had been.  Her little body shuddered over and over, until she 
> finally calmed after a few minutes.  
>         Barbie smiled at her little sister.  "Was that a good cum?"
>         "That was the best!" Anna said emphatically.  "Can I do you now?"
>         Barbie smiled again.  "I want you to kiss me on my pussy."
>         "Okay," Anna said, puzzled.  She wasn't sure why her sister wanted her 
> to kiss her on her privates, on her pussy.  But she decided it was worth 
> trying.  
>         Barbie layed back, her large breasts jiggled a bit as she plopped 
> back.  She spread her legs widely, knowing what would come next.  Anna lay 
> between Barbie's legs and started to kiss her on the thigh.  She wanted to 
> work her way to her big sister's pussy slowly, just to tease her.  She had no 
> idea how erotic this would be to Barbie.  Barbie's breathing got heavier and 
> she almost moaned a few times.  Finally Anna reached her sister's moist 
> center.  She kissed her directly on the clit.  This time it was Barbie's turn 
> to jump in pleasure.  Anna began to lick and suck on Barbie's clit like a pro.
> In just minutes, Barbie was shivering with orgasm.  
>         Anna moved up and sat down beside her sister.  Barbie lay still for a 
> minute then Anna asked, "did YOU have a good cum, sis?"  
>         "It was the Best!" she replied.  Both sisters giggled at the deja vu.
>         After a moment, Anna got up the courage to ask a question.  "Barbie,  
> since I tried something new for you, will you try something for me?"
>         "What?"
>         "Well," Anna hesitated, afraid of what her sister would think. "Would 
> you put your finger in my bottom."
>         "Ooough. I'd get it messy."  She said.
>         "Okay."  Anna began to pout as only little girls can.
>         After a minute Barbie had an idea. "I'll tell you what.  I'll get some 
> surgical gloves from the hospital Tuesday and we can try it, okay?"
>         "Okay!"  Anna was excited again.
>         "I've heard that the doctors somtimes have to use them for that.  I 
> think they call it a rectal exam.  And this way I can do what you want and not 
> get messy."
> 
> 
>         The weekend passed and Anna was staying over with a friend.  She 
> couldn't wait to get back to see her sister, though.  When she got back home 
> Monday, her parents stayed up late watching movies, and she couldn't get to 
> her sister's room.  
>         Tuesday morning finally came.  When Anna got up it was 10:30.  She 
> only had to wait an hour and a half for Barbie to get home.  She decided to 
> watch some TV.  After several game shows, Barbie came home.
>         "Hi Barbie.  Did you remember the stuff you were going to get?"
>         "I did.  And I have a little surprise for you too.  You wait in here 
> until I'm ready."  Barbie went into the kitchen.  Anna wondered what the 
> surprise was.  She was wearing a mini-dress, with white panties with little 
> purple flowers on them.  She was wondering if she should undress when her 
> sister called through the swinging doors of the kitchen.
>         "Anna Bates."  Barbie was still in her candy-striper outfit.  She held 
> a clipboard in one hand.  Anna went to the kitchen.  "Right this way miss 
> Bates."  She ushered her little sister into the kitchen.  The kitchen had a 
> center counter.  Mom had said that she worked better in a kitchen with this 
> kind of counter.  Barbie had cleaned the counter off and laid down white paper 
> over the top of it so that it looked like an exam table.  'Nurse' Barbie 
> lifted her patient onto the 'exam table'.  "Miss Bates," she said, trying to 
> sound authoritative, "I need to take your temperature rectally.  Please 
> remove your panties."
>         Anna felt a thrill run down her back.  This was kind of neat and kind 
> of scary and made her really horny all at once.  She pulled up her skirt and 
> slipped her panties down her creamy legs and off.  In the bright kitchen 
> light, her red pubic fuzz almost glowed.  
>         "Please lay back back and hold each leg under the knee with your 
> arms."  The 11 year old was still very limber and actually layed back with a 
> leg tucked completely under each arm.  Her young, round, white bottom now 
> stuck lewdly up into the air.  "Very good, Miss Bates."  Without further 
> warning, Barbie slid the cold probe into her sister's tiny ass pucker.  Anna 
> moaned pretty loudly this time, not concerned about anyone hearing, since her 
> parents would not be home for another 4 hours.  
>         Barbie stared at the lewdness of the sight.  Her little eleven-year old 
> sister with her butt in the air and a thermometer stuck out of it.  She had 
> thought today's 'play-time' would be disgusting, but instead she felt a strange 
> desire building in her, one she had not felt before.  She stayed in her role 
> for now, though.  She pulled out the thermometer.  It was completely clean 
> except for the small amount of KY she had applied to it.  She pretended to 
> have read it as she wiped it off.  "Hmmm.  Miss Bates, I'm not sure what these 
> readings mean.  I'm afraid I'll have to give you a rectal exam to find out.
>         Anna had heard her sister use those words before.  She almost came 
> just thinking about 'Nurse' barbie probing her bottom with her finger.  She 
> heard her sister snap on the surgical glove.  
>         Barbie squirted KY onto the index finger of the glove.  She walked 
> over to her sisters young, round ass, presented totally vulnerable for her.  
> She had a sense of power.  She knew her baby sister wanted her to plunge into 
> her tiny asshole with her finger.  She placed her well lubed, gloved finger 
> over the opening.
>         Anna felt a sudden rush of feelings from her bottom-hole.  She felt 
> full and tingly and wonderful.  Barbie shoved the finger in hard, all the way 
> in.  Anna began to moan constantly, unable to speak or even think about 
> anything but the sensations inside her bottom.
>         Barbie had lost any hope of keeping enough composure to keep up the 
> 'Nurse' role.  She swirled her finger delicately inside her sister's butt.  
> She twisted it and pulled it out.  Then wiggled it as she slid it back in.  
> The hole seemed to loosen up some, and Barbie wondered briefly if she should 
> try another finger.  She decided to wait till later.
>         Anna's little bottom-hole felt hungry.  She loved the sensations.  
> Barbie's finger plunged in again, deeper than ever before.  The pressure sent 
> her spinning over the edge of orgasm.  Wave after wave hit her like a typhoon 
> battering a beach.  Finally her climax subsided.
>         Barbie removed her finger slowly, lust glazing her eyes after seeing 
> Anna's intense orgasm.  Anna let her legs drop back down finally.  "Thank you 
> sis.  That was better than I had ever imagined.  If these keep getting better, 
> I may not be able to stand it."
>         "You will, little sister.  You will."  Barbie's desire was building.  
> "Let's clean this stuff up and go upstairs."
> 
>         Up in Barbie's room, both girls had stripped naked.  They lay on the 
> bed holding each other, kissing and hugging.  Anna was playing with her 
> sister's big titties, which made her start feeling horny again.  
>         "Anna?"
>         "Yeah?"
>         "Will you play with my butt like I did yours?" Barbie asked, almost as 
> tentatively as Anna had asked her a few days ago.
>         "Of course I will, silly.  I've been wanting to put my finger in your 
> bottom for weeks."  Barbie got up on all fours and dropped her shoulders to the 
> bed, so that her ass protruded up.  She reached behind her and pulled her 
> cheeks apart.  
>         Anna decided her sisters butt looked so good, she wanted to kiss it.  
> She knelt between Barbie's feet and put her face to her big sister's butt-hole.
> She puckered up and kissed it with a resounding pop.
>         Shivers ran down Barbie's spine.  No one had ever done this to her 
> before.  The sensations were completely foreign, but wonderful.  She felt what 
> must be her little sister's tongue licking around her ass pucker.  Then the  
> tip pushed into her.  The feelings were so strong, it was hard for her to 
> relax her anus.  She wondered if she would be able to take even her sister's 
> little fingers.  
>         Anna put KY on her first two fingers.  She pushed one, then the other 
> into her sister's firm butt.  As she began to wiggle them around until she felt
> her sister's bum begin to relax.  She pulled her fingers back out and sild her 
> head under her sister's crotch.  She playfully flicked her sister's clit with 
> her tongue.
>         Barbie loved having her clit licked.  And her baby sister was becoming 
> an expert.  She felt her orgasm approaching.  Then Anna shoved her first two 
> fingers back into Barbie's anus.  She immediately lost all control and spasmed 
> in a relentless orgasm.  
>         Anna watched her sister spasming above her.  She wished she could have 
> put ALL her fingers in her sister's bottom.  And she wanted more in her own.  
> When Barbie had rolled off of her, she got up and went to her big sister's 
> hiding place and returned with the vibrator.  She waited for her sister to 
> recover before she handed it to her.  
>         "You want me to use this on you?  You are a horny little girl aren't 
> you?  Have you ever had anything in your pussy before?"
>         "I don't want it in my pussy.  I want you to put it in my bottom."
>         Barbie looked at her insatiable little sister and wondered briefly if 
> her little butt would ever get enough.  "Alright, but you have to ask right."
>         "What do I say?"  Anna wanted to know.
>         "Say 'I want you to shove it up my butt.'"
>         The little girl seemed to struggle with the idea at first, then 
> decided it made her feel more dirty and made the whole thing more exciting.  
> "Barbie, I want you to shove that vibrator up my butt.  Shove it in as hard 
> and deep as you can."
>         Barbie was surprised that she picked up on this so fast.  It thrilled 
> her to hear her eleven year-old sister talking so dirty.  Anna got on her knees
> on the thick carpet and leaned over a smooth cedar chest at the foot of her 
> sister's bed.  Her butt was now spread and easily accessible to Barbie's 
> probing.  Barbie spread KY all over the 1-1/2 inch thick vibrator.  She knelt 
> behind her little sister.  She caressed Anna's buttocks with one hand then 
> pulled them apart.  She placed the tip of the vibrator against her sister's 
> already loosened little ass-hole.
>         Anna felt so open and vulnerable like this.  It made her feel tingly.  
> She felt the cold tip of the instrument at her butt-hole.  She rembered words 
> she had heard her sister use. "Fuck me, sis.  Shove that big cock up my ass."  
> Talking dirty made her feel even more sexy.  Barbie slowly slid the tip into 
> her sister's anus.  Anna moaned with pleasure.  Already she was feeling more 
> stretched than she had earlier.  It felt incredible.  
>         After several reassuring moans from Anna, Barbie slid the rest of the 
> white vibrator into her baby sister's rectum in one long stroke.  Even Anna's 
> immature bowels almost swallowed the thing completely, and Barbie had to be 
> careful to have enough to hold on to.  She pulled it back out again, then 
> placed the tip against Anna's sphincter and shoved it back in, harder and 
> faster than the first time.  Anna's moaning increased each time the speed of 
> the entry increased.  Soon Barbie was pounding her baby sister's 11 year-old 
> butt-hole at a fever pitch.
>         Anna couldn't believe the sensations.  She had never felt so full, so 
> complete, so incredibly wonderful.  She moaned louder and louder each time her 
> big sister pounded her stretched little asshole.  Barbie stopped for just a 
> second, and when she resumed, Anna realized she had turned on the vibrator!  
> The sensations were suddenly too much for her, and her mind went reeling as her 
> body felt previously unknown pleasures.  
>         When Barbie finally stopped shoving the vibrator mercilessly into her 
> sister, she realized that she must have passed out from her orgasm.  She 
> wondered what that would be like.  She decided she would have to try this too.  
> For now, though, her little sister was completely exhausted and needed some 
> rest.  She wiped the grease from Anna's butt, and then carried her to her room 
> and put her to bed.
> 
> 
>         A few weeks later, one afternoon when their parents were at work, 
> Barbie and Anna lay on Barbie's bed.  Over the past few weeks, Barbie had 
> fucked Anna's 11 year old behind many times with the vibrator.  Spurred on by 
> her little sister's lust for this treatment, she had tried and loved it many 
> times herself.  Anna had just had an especially good orgasm and was resting 
> before she would return the favor to her big sister.
>         Anna got up and took the vibrator to the bathroom and cleaned it up 
> for her sister.  When she returned Barbie was sitting up looking at Anna 
> lustily.  "What is it, sis?" the little girl asked.
>         "I have something different in mind today.  I want you to use your 
> fingers on me again like before."
>         Anna looked puzzled.  "I thought you liked the vibrator better because 
> it is bigger and longer?"
>         "I do, but you'll see what I have in mind." 
>         Barbie got on all fours with her shoulders on the bed and her hands on 
> either side of her ass, spreading it wide for her sister's inspection.  It was 
> a familiar position, and not entirely comfortable, but it seemed to make for 
> the easiest and deepest penetration, which she had come to desire.
>         "Put on one of the surgical gloves I brought home."  Anna obeyed her 
> sister.  "Now cover the whole thing in KY."  Anna caught on to what her sister 
> wanted.
>         "Oh Barbie, I wanted to put my whole hand in you before, but I was 
> afraid I might hurt you."
>         "Don't worry little sister.  If it hurts I'll stop you."
>         Anna got on the bed behind her 15 year old sister.  She pushed two, 
> then three fingers into Barbie's bottom with ease.  She wiggled them around for 
> a minute then added her pinky to the other three.  
>         Barbie felt her asshole stretching to accomodate the larger intrusion.  
> It was like nothing else mattered.  Her whole being was focused on her butt 
> hole.  She felt the fingers wiggling inside her and it sent chills up her 
> spine.  
>         Anna used her free hand to play with Barbie's clitty while she worked 
> on her bottom with the other.  After a few minutes of pushing and twisting, 
> she had worked her thumb into the hole with her other fingers.  Her big 
> sister's hole was squeezing so tight on her hand she almost couldn't stnad it.  
>         Barbie felt her 11 year old sister's thumb slip into her and she 
> involuntarily tightened up for a second.  After the sensation passed she told 
> her sister "Pull your hand out and make a fist with your thumb under your 
> fingers.  Now push it into me all the way."  Barbie pushed out with all her 
> strength, as her sister's small fist shoved it's way into her bowels.  She 
> grunted as she felt the knuckles finally slip on into her rectum, and her 
> asshole contracted on her sister's tiny wrist.
>         Anna could barely believe her eyes.  Her whole hand had disappeared 
> inside her sister's bottom.  She thought of how good it must feel to be filled 
> up so much.  She doubled her efforts at her sister's clit and began to twist 
> her hand around inside Barbie.
>         Barbie couldn't believe the incredible sensations.  She had never felt 
> so completely full in her life.  Her clit tingled with Anna's stimulation.  
> She felt her orgasm coming like a tornado.  Lightning pleasure shocks shot out 
> from her stuffed rectum as the most powerful orgasm of her life ripped through 
> her.  She convulsed and screamed with the overwhelming sensations.
>         Anna was a little startled at first when Barbie screamed.  But when 
> she saw the look of shear ecstasy on her big sister's face, she knew she'd 
> really enjoyed it.  
>         Barbie collapsed on the bed, exhausted from her gut wrenching orgasm.  
> She had no idea how much time had passed, but when she finally came back to 
> reality, Anna was cleaning up the mess they had made.  Barbie thought about 
> how much she admired that insatiable little 11 year old, and how thankful she 
> was for their fun times together.
> 
> 
> 
> Probably the end
> MadamImadaM
> --****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
> Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
> Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
> For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
> If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi

--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 8: anne 
---------------------------------------- 
From: anne018bi@aol.com (Anne018bi)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: anne's first sex (teen, f/f)
Date: 16 Aug 1995 23:12:38 -0400
Organization: America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Lines: 89
Message-ID: <40uc36$438@newsbf02.news.aol.com>
Reply-To: anne018bi@aol.com (Anne018bi)
NNTP-Posting-Host: newsbf02.mail.aol.com

This is actually a repost of my story that my girlfriend
posted along with some of her letters.  this was originally
a letter i wrote to a friend on AOL and was passed around
some here and got a good reaction.  This story is all true
with many on the small stuff left out & it was almost as fun
to write as it was to experience.  i think of the fun time i 
had almost every day.  When you read, you will know
what i mean.


As I explore my mind, thinking of what you might be 
interested in,  I can only think about my first true 
lovemaking experience.  Ive had much fun with my 
sexuality b4 this (which I can cover with a later 
e-mail), but this story should tell you where Im coming 
from (or where Im at)...whatever.
	About 2 years ago (I was about to turn 16), my 
family went on vacation to the Florida Keys for about 15 
days.  We stayed at a resort called Holiday Isle in 
Islamorada about 75 miles from Key West.  A beautiful 
place on the ocean with a pool, real fun outdoor bar with 
live bands all the time,  parasailing, jetskies & the 
like.  Tons of kids (boys & girls)  of all ages!  You 
wouldnt believe the weather!  Well, to get on with it,  
I was there about a day when I met Amy.  She was  my age, 
maybe about 1 year younger.  We just hung around the 
resort together for the few days.  We had a great time, 
looking at the boys & playing with sailboats, windsurfing 
(failed attempt on my part), and the like.  We stuck 
together like glue & flirted with the boys as expected.  
Now for the good parts -
	We were sitting in the pool (talking about boys, 
sex, and the like) when I, quite by accident, grabbed her 
boob!  She kind of  pushed me away.  That open up a 
conversation about  sex.  I told her about what Ive done 
b4 with other girls & we had a long discussion about 
that.  I told her about doing things that made you feel 
great & it was OK.  We examined the concepts (talked real 
deep about it) that day.  She was not a gay person at 
all, liked boys but was very inexperienced with sex.  She 
hadnt done much with sex at all.  Well, to make this 
short,  I convinced her to let me show her how to feel 
good..  My folks had gone to Key West for the day and we 
had the room to ourselves for the whole day.  She was 
real cool.  I did a strip tease for her and sat on the 
bed & I showed her how I played with myself.  I  took off 
her suit & she opened herself to me.  I put her on my lap 
& I played with her.  I  squeezed her boobs & fingered 
her.  I took it real slow & she really enjoyed it.  After 
a long while, we were on the bed looking face to face & I 
took a deep breath and gave her a real good kiss.  She 
didnt back off any.  I slid my tongue all around in her 
mouth & I took her breath away!  I was blown away too!  
Ive never felt that way with a boy b4 and this was the 
first time I ever kissed a girl,  Cool!  The rest of the 
time we did a lot of kissing!  Wow!  Really hard to tell 
you the feelings that we experienced.  Nothing else 
happened that first time in my room.  We still had the 
rest of the week for private times together.  Kissing in 
the shadows, sneaking feels in the pool, & in her room (& 
my room) for more fun.  It got  around to just pure 
sensual  stuff.  Feeling each other, exploring & kissing. 
 Not too soon we got around to eating each other out & 
getting each other to cum.  That was great, having a 
young, horny girl licking me!  As a remember, the best 
part was the kissing.  It might be the kissing in a dark 
corner with the chance of being caught, or just the love 
being shared between us.  I dont know.  We both had a 
great time.  We would both walk around the resort when  
the bar was closed to us kids (after about 10 p.m.). 
Feeling  eachother in the dark, & being really naughty.  
After the first encounter we couldnt keep our hands off 
each other.  Hands on each other in the pool & off to the 
side where no one can see us.  Every  opportunity we 
had!!  So much time we had!  So much tenderness & 
wetness.  So much loving!  We always ended up kissing.  
Deep & passionate!  Wow!  Just re-telling this is great!

	Looking back, the feeling & experience was mind 
blowing.  Many times did I revisit those times in my 
mind.  Nothing is better than the soft, sweat embrace of 
someone who is so receptive to my (embrace, longing,, and 
wetness).  She was so soft , kind and  receptive. Its 
real  hard to explain.  I know I didnt describe my 
explosive orgasms & how we felt  & how we drank each 
others sweat juice.  It was  real.  As real a you can 
get.

				anne
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 9: annie-and-me 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 02 Oct 2005 00:22:00 -0400
From: PREPPY PRINCES <preppyprinces2010@hotmail.com>
Subject: Annie and Me 1

Hi every one this is Preppy Princes. I have never written on Nifty before so
give me some slack. If you want to say any thing good or bad about my story
please feel free to write me at preppyprinces2010@hotmail.com


Me and Annie

By Preppy Princes

	Up until seventh grade I considered myself as a normal every day
teenaged girl. Chattering away after school with my friends about cute boys
and whose dating who.

	My older sister Jade I learned in sixth grade was bisexual but I
didn't really think any thing of it or care.

	Later on in the school year around December it seemed like a lot of
people were bi. My best friend Annie and I talked about it but never
brought up the subject of us being bi.

	A few weeks later I was watching my friends getting ready in the
locker room. I had done this many times and it never was a big deal to me.
But this time I noticed something I had never noticed before. Annie was
very pretty.  I had always known she was pretty but this time was
different. Almost like sexually pretty to me. Like I wanted to kiss and hug
her.

	She had long brown hair and blue eyes that stared write in to your
soul like she could see what you were thinking. She was tall for her age
about five foot nine inches. She was very skinny.

	I stared at her not able to look away. I was in a trance.  "What's
the matter Riss" my friend Kelci asked me "does Annie have a big zit on her
face or something."  "No I was just um..." I didn't no what to say.

	My friends dismissed it though with out asking any more questions.

	That night I decided I needed to talk to Annie about all of this. I
pulled Annie aside and told her every thing.

	"Well" she said "do you think your bi?"

"I don't know" I said "but I'd like to try it."

"I've been thinking about that also and I think I would like to try it to."
she said with a smile.

"Ok" I said "lets just take it slow."

	That night we met in the bathroom between our rooms and I sat down
on the sink pulling her on my lap.  "Tell me if I hurt you or make you
uncomfortable in any way." I said "because I don't want to scare you away."

"Ok I promise" she said quietly.

	I put my arms around her and held her close. I began to move my
lips closer to her lips and kissed her.

	She writhed on my lap and began to moan. I kissed her with more
passion and squeezed her closer.

	I began to move my hands over her beautiful body starting with her
back and moving over her arms and down to her little perfect breasts. I
squeezed them in my hands rolling the nipples between my fingers.

	This whole time Annie was getting more and more in to my kiss. She
began to wiggle around on my lap enjoying the sensations of my fingers and
lips.

	My hands moved down to her tight stomach and down to her little
pussy and still down to the bottom of her nighty. I stuck one of my hands
up her nighty and in to her panties.

	Her pussy barely had any hair on it. It was very soft and warm. I
stuck one finger in and rubbed her little clit with my thumb.

	I had to keep kissing her hard to keep her from moaning loud enough
to wake any one up.

	She began to move her hips with the rhythm of my hand pumping. I
was really getting excited. I really liked this.

	I stuck another finger in to Annie and began to go faster and
harder.  Plunging my fingers in as far as they would go. My pussy started
getting wet and soaking the cloth of my panties.

	Her hands began to go all over my body and she started playing with
my big breasts. She took her mouth from mine and put it on my write nipple
and sucked it in to her mouth.

"Oh! Yes Annie suck my nipples." I moaned.

	I took Annie off my lap and put her on the sink by herself. I got
in front of her and knelt down and spread her legs.

"I want to eat that sweet pussy of yours." I said.

	I put my lips on her pussy and began to kiss all around it. First
just on the outside and then I stuck my tongue in and began to lick on her
clit.

	It tasted so good. I stuck my tongue in her hole and began to move
it in and out.

	Her juices began to flow rapidly and I licked them up like a dog
licks dripping juices from a piece of meat.

"I'm getting very close to coming" she said breathlessly.

"Come in my mouth and all over my face" I said my voice muffled by her
pussy.

	And that is all it took to bring her to orgasm. She screamed in to
her hands and shoved her pussy in my face. I began to lick up the juices
that were now spilling from her cunt. When she was done She collapsed on to
the counter and lay there smiling at me.  "That was great Riss." She said.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." I said.

"But please let me repay the favor." she said.

"You don't have to if you don't want to."

"But I do want to." she said and with out another word she got down off the
sink and told me to sit up on it.

	I didn't struggle and I sat on the sink. She spread my legs and
didn't waste any time just looking she plunged her face in the folds of my
pussy. I was in heaven I loved the feelings of her tongue on my pussy and
her lips around my pussy. She Pushed her tongue in to my hole and began to
plunge it in and out.

"Oh yes stick your tongue in my pussy. Stuff it in and lick my clit. "I
screamed.

	I could feel it coming. I could tell it was near.  "I'm comi"

	I never got to finish my sentence. I had the biggest orgasm I'd
ever had and I screamed out, "I'm coming I'm coming!"

	When I finished and Annie stood up I began to kiss her. We kissed
for about five minutes just kissing and moaning in to each others mouths.

	After we were done I said, "We have to do that more often." and we
both laughed.


Well that is the end of my first ever written story.
If you have any thing to say about send all comments to.
Preppy Princes atpreppyprinces2010@hotmail.com

Please don't post this any where else with out asking me first.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 10: at-the-bookstore 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 19 Aug 1999 01:53:54 -0500
From: Susan Cray <gscray@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu>
Subject: AT THE BOOKSTORE

AT THE BOOKSTORE

/lesbian/young-friends

Posted to the Nifty Archive, but not written by Susan Cray
(gscray@uxa.ecn.bgu.edu).

Posted to the USENET June 03, 1997.
----

I'm at my favorite bookstore here in town(Border's, 17th & Walnut,
Philadelphia).  I get bored with the magazines so I head upstairs,
not really looking for anything in particular, just browsing,
idling, wasting a hazy afternoon.  I wander through the
lesbian/gay/s&m section, notice there is nothing new by Pat
Califia, think about my dyke friend Beth, and tool down to fiction.
The thing that always makes me smile in the fiction section is that
all the spines to the Anais Nin books are broken, and the pages are
worn and well-thumbed.  The Henry Miller 'Tropics' books too.  And
some Erica Jong and D.H. Lawrence.
     I hear a tiny "eep" from behind me.  I turn around.  There are
two girls on the wooden bench between the racks of books.  They
couldn't be more than thirteen and they are next to each other, but
facing away.  Each has a windbreaker across her lap, one leg tucked
under her, and hand hidden to the elbow under the windbreaker.
One is reading 'Delta of Venus', the other, 'Little Birds'.
     This is interesting.
     I pull a book at random off the rack next to me and sit down
and pretend to be reading it.  The book is 'A Scanner Darkly' by
Philip Dick, and it's such a cool book I almost forget about the
girls.
     Almost.
     These girls are really going at it.  Ever so often, one will
pull her hand out from under her windbreaker and hold it to her
friend's lips.  The other one will kiss and suck the offered
fingers, which will soon again disappear.
     The "eep's" come louder and quicker from the two girls and I
mentally will them to quiet down or the show'll be interrupted.  It
doesn't work.
     "Eep, eep"
     "Yip, yip."
     Finally, it stops.  I adjust my hard-on so it's vertical and
head over to the girls.
     "How come you don't just use the bathroom?" I ask.
     The girl with 'Delta of Venus' looks at me like I just asked
the stupidest question on Earth and says, "You can't get caught in
*there*..."
     Silly me.
     The girls ask me if I know of any other "good" books.  I look
around to make sure no one is watching and introduce them to the
lesbian/gay/s&m section.
     "Wow," says the one, "there's so *many*."  They ask me which
ones are best.
     I point out 'Macho Sluts' and the 'Serious Pleasure' series
published by the Sheba Collective.  They each grab one and the next
thing I know the girls are swishing down the stairs, holding hands.
     I head back to where they were sitting and pick up the copy
of 'Delta of Venus' the one girl was using.  I find the page she
was on.  The story was 'Mathilde'.  I slide 'A Scanner Darkly' into
an inappropriate place on the shelf and head into the bathroom, my
thumb holding the book open to the beginning of 'Mathilde'.

     Just after I come I know: I'll never die of natural causes.

RICHH
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 11: babysitting-the-brat 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 25 May 2019 15:31:20 +0200
From: Drusilla Andrews <drusilla@gmx.com>
Subject: Babysitting the Brat

Babysitting the Brat.

BY. Drusilla

Please consider a donation to Nifty Stories. Please keep this site running
for everyone to enjoy.

http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

	I was 17; in my junior year of high school. I was that typical
nerdy girl, I took a lot of honors classes. I was a member of the speech
and drama club; the journalism club and the science club. I was also a
lesbian and had been all my life. I also kept it a closely guarded
secret. Nobody knew, except maybe my mother. She was extremely smart and
very hard to fool.

	I did not consider myself attractive in the least. However, there
were high school boys that were always talking to me and asking me out. I
never accepted; I always assumed they were poking fun at me because I was
this glasses wearing nerd. That may have concerned me; if I were interested
in boys. However, I didn't cared what they thought.

	I had a steady babysitting job for Mrs. Sanders. I had been
babysitting her daughter, Ashley since she was 10. In fact it was my very
first job. Ashley was 13 now. I didn't think she would need a babysitter at
13, but Mrs. Sanders stilled called me that Friday night. She asked if I
could come over early Saturday.

	They had to drive to a neighboring town for a meeting. They
wouldn't be home until around nine that evening. I didn't see any problem
so I told her yes I would be happy to sit all day with Ashley. As for
Ashley, to put it bluntly. She is a spoiled little brat. Her mother and
father give into her all the time no matter what. She can be a pain in the
ass to babysit sometimes.

	I arrived a little before noon and fixed some lunch for me and
Ashley. I let her go play while I watched PBS on their big screen
television.

Ashley walked up to me. "I wanna play a game."

"What kind of game?"

"Wonder Woman!"

	I shook my head. "What kind of game is that?"

"I'm Wonder Woman and you're the evil queen. I have to capture you before
you destroy the world."

I looked over at her. "Really? That sounds so childish."

She jumped up and . "I don't care! I wanna play."

I couldn't stand to hear her whine so I gave in.

	I turned off the television. "Ok. How do we play this?"

"You go hide. I come and find you and capture you with my lasso of truth."

"Your lasso of truth?"

"Yes. Anyone captured with the lasso has to obey all commands. Didn't you
ever read Wonder Woman comic books?"

	I rolled my eyes. "No. I don't read comics. They're too childish."

"Ok you go hide. I'll find you and capture you with my lasso."

She went into the kitchen and I went into Mrs. Sanders closet. All her
clothes smelled so good. I heard Ashley running up and down the halls. When
she came into the bedroom; I heard a thud.

"Ouch! I broke my ankle!"

	I quickly threw open the closet door and rushed out. Ashley was
standing in front of the bed. She tossed her lasso over me. "Got you!"

	I pulled the rope off. "You tricked me! Your ankle isn't broken."

"Yeah. Pretty smart, huh? I have to tie you with the lasso of truth."

I placed my arms down to my side. She wrapped the lasso around my waist and
my arms.

	She pulled me down the hall. "You need to go to the prisoner
chair."

She sat me down in the kitchen chair and tied my ankles to the chair
legs. Then she tied my arms to the side of the chair.

I was not happy. "OK! Ashley. This has gone far enough. You untie. You hear
me?"

	She giggled and stepped back. "Why? What you gonna do?"

"Ashley! Don't make me angry."

She giggled again. "You make too much noise."

She took a white dish dowel; rolled it up and used it as a gag for my
mouth. At that point, I was becoming more frightened than I was angry.

	I tried to protest, shaking the chair and shouting through the
gag. Ashley just watched me and laughed. I was so ashamed to admit this
little brat had tricked me.

She walked over to me smiling. She removed my glasses; which meant I
couldn't see far away only close up.

"You're really pretty Monica. I love your green eyes."

	She reached up and undid my ponytail.  "I wish I had hair long as
yours."

She ran her fingers through my hair, untangling it. I kept trying to shout
UNTIE ME through the gag.

"Your boobs are beautiful."

Now I was really getting nervous. I had no idea what she was going to do
and that scared me.

	Her hands lifted up my shirt. All I had on that day was tee shirt;
sport bra; shorts and sneakers. She put her fingers under my sport bra and
pulled it up. My boobs immediately flopped out in the open. I was squirming
around in the chair trying to get loose, but the little brat had tied the
ropes too well.

She held up her hand. "Don't jump all over. You might fall over on the
floor. I can't pick you up."

	Ashley reached over and slid her hands up and over my boobs. Her
thumbs flicked my nipples. She lifted my breasts and kissed my nipple and
it sent shivers through my body. That made me wonder if Ashley was also a
lesbian. Or maybe, she was just sexually curious about older girls. I was
filled out much bigger than her.

	I had always been attracted to older women. My role models were my
mother and my aunt. They always controlled me; they were figures of
authority. When I was 13; I had the biggest crush on Miss. Hodges. She was
my math teacher. She was so hot in those high heels; white blouse and gray
skirts she always wore. Sometimes I imagined I could see her nipples
through her blouse. She was the first woman to make me feel wet.

	Suddenly I realized Ashley had her right hand down my shorts; she
was playing with my pussy. At the same time, she had her left hand in her
pants playing with her pussy. This little brat was trying to sexually
dominate me and I was getting aroused. He little fingers knew right where
to go.

	I could tell she had been around the block before. I couldn't close
my legs because they were tied them open. She pulled her pants down and was
masturbating herself and me at the same time. She drove me into and orgasm
that blew the top of my head off. I never felt anything like it.

	My shorts; the chair; everything was all wet. She was moaning; her
eyes were closed and her hand was locked between her legs. She looked so
sexy. If I had been free; I would have kissed her mouth with my tongue. I
kept nodding my head and grunting. She finally removed the gag.

The first thing I said. "You're a nasty little brat! You know that?"

	She giggled and cupped my breasts. "Yeah. And I just masturbated
you. You can't tell anybody about it."

She was right about that. I would probably go to jail if anyone found out.

"Come on Ashley. Untie me. My arms are starting to hurt."

She untied the ropes. I put my boobs back in the my bra and pulled my tee
shirt down.

	I saw how wet my shorts and panties were. "I have to wash and dry
these before your parents get home. I tossed them in the washer. I grabbed
a towel and wrapped it around my waist. I marched back into the living room
where Ashley was sitting on the floor flipping through the TV channels.

	I dropped down on the sofa. "Why are you such a brat?"

She giggled. "I always like you. You're pretty."

I shook mt head. "I'm still mad at you for what you did."

She climbed up on the sofa; leaned over and kissed me on the lips.

"Why did you do that?"

	She smiled at me. "Because I wanted to kiss you."

I knew there was no way on earth she could have known I was a lesbian. I
held her back. "Do you like girls? Do you do that at school?"

She smiled at me again. "If you mean am I a lezzie. Yes."

I stared at her. "I suppose you learned that in school?"

	I had no idea and I had been babysitting her since she was 10. I
don't know how I missed it. All the times she wanted to snuggle with me. I
just thought she wanted some attention. As soon as I looked into her eyes;
she planted a big kiss on my lips. Her hand rubbed across my boobs. She was
making me feel so strange.

	I got up from the sofa. "What are we going to have for dinner?"

She grabbed my towel and pulled it off. She laughed out loud, running down
the hall swinging the towel.

I ran after her; naked from the waist down. "Give me that towel you little
brat!"

She laughed and ran into her bedroom.

	She jumped on the bed. "You got such a beautiful butt."

"Never mind my butt. Give me that towel."

When I reached for the towel; she pulled me onto the bed. I was becoming so
frustrated with her. She quickly slipped her hand into my pussy.

"Ashley. Please..."

	She kissed me before I could finish. Her eyes stared at me. "Take
your clothes off."

I didn't even resist; I slipped my shirt and bra off and rolled over. She
kissed my boobs and my nipples. I was so submissive to her touch. I let her
take control of me.

"Spread your legs."

	She moved down between my legs. I could feel her hot breath on my
pussy. Her tongue slid up and down and over my clit. I couldn't believe she
was so good at this. I kissed her back. Her young lips were so soft and
sweet. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth. She was driving me
wild. My hands were rubbing her little naked butt; it was so firm, round
and perfect.

	We rolled around on the bed. I gave her little pussy the best
orgasm I possibly could. She responded by giving me another fantastic
orgasm. We lay there in each others arms, staring at the ceiling.

I put my hand on her little boobs. "Where did you learn all this?"

She giggled. "I go to a private girls school. And some of those older girls
know a lot."

	I couldn't disagree with that. She was obviously a quick
learner. She slung her leg over my stomach, quickly climbing on top me. She
placed her hands on my shoulders to hold me down.

"I want you to be my sex slave."

I stared up at her and chuckled. "Ashley. That's so stupid. I can't be your
sex slave."

	She leaned in, sliding her tongue across my lips. "Sure you can. I
want to have you for my own. I want to own you."

"Ashley! Please. Stop talking like that. It's stupid."

She kissed me again and again. "I could tell how you made love to me. You
would do anything I want."

	As I lay under her, letting her kiss me over and over. She was
stripping away all my defenses, leaving me vulnerable to her
demands. "Ashley? What do you expect me to do as your love slave?"

"Go into the shower and wash me all over. And I mean all over."

I smiled and nodded. "Oh all right."

	I was aroused just by washing her; her little soapy, sexy body felt
so wonderful. As did her little butt and little butt crack. However, she
was teasing me just like the little brat she was. She didn't even touch
once and she knew that was driving me mad. I was use to her playing with my
boobs, but she said no.

	I looked at the clock, it was almost six. I went to the kitchen to
see what I should fix the two of us to eat. Ashley walked in and just
smacked me on ass.

"I want pizza. Mom said I could order from the Pizza Place. She always uses
them for her business lunches."

I agreed. "Ok. Fine. I didn't want to cook anyway.

	She wouldn't let me dress. She said I had to stay naked so she
could look at me while we ate. I never envision myself being with such a
young girl. As I said; I was always fond of older women; women of
authority. Now, this young little brat was dominating me. I was truly
aroused by this role reversal. I found it was quite sexy."

	By the time Mr. and Mrs. Sanders got home it was after nine. Ashley
had crashed and was sound asleep in her bed. After all she did have a very
busy day playing with me. Mrs. Sanders paid me and I felt a little guilty
taking it. Especially after the wonderful day I had. I probably should have
paid her.

	A week had passed. Mrs Sanders called me one Friday evening and
said Ashley was having a slumber party with some of her friends from
school. She wanted me to come and chaperoned. It seems that Saturday
evening, they were going to a party.

I told her I would be more than happy to do it. I smiled to myself. I knew
I was going to have a much better party at their house.

FIN.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 12: best-friend-jen 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 18 Sep 1998 03:49:55 EDT
From: HamYoohoo@aol.com
Subject: Best Friend Jen (f/f)

I'm not really quite sure as to go about explaining this story but, here goes.
	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

       I had just finished the 6th grade and I was so psyched about going into
Jr.High finally. But I was also sad because my best friend Jenny was going to
a different Jr.High then me.  I've known ever since I was small I was either
bisexual or lesbian.  Mainly because when I played house with my friends I was
always the dad and I found myself enjoying kissing other girls.  Well, anyway
back to the story.  Ever since I met Jenny I had this attraction for her that
was way more than just a girlfriend.  It was physical.  I fantasized about her
just about everynight.  I wanted to be Micheal Karriker so bad. (This boy she
was crazy for) I would finger myself and my mind would swim at the thoughts of
touching Jen all over.  Pushing my tongue into her mouth, I wanted to please
her so much.  All these thoughts I kept to myself and I spent as much time
with her as I could before Jr.High started.
       
        One night Jenny called me and asked if I wanted to go see a movie with
her. She wanted to see it because it has Johnathan Taylor Thomas. My heart was
racing and I said "Sure! what time?!" She said "Around 7 my mom and I will
pick you up ok?" I said great and we hung up.  I sat on the couch and threw my
head back.  I was just so relieved I would get to see Jen in about an hour
but, worried since I always would try to get a little flirting out.  But no
matter she never noticed anyway.  Especially when someone asked her if she
liked me since she would always shove me or give me a little hug for saying a
joke or compliment.  Come to think of it, I think she didn't notice she
flirted back or maybe she did.  I didn't know I was too busy getting what I
could.  
    
        I finished getting ready and I heard a honk outside.  I peeked out the
front living room window and saw Jen jump out of her mom's big suburban.  She
raced across my front lawn and rang the doorbell.  I quickly made sure I
looked perfect for her and opened the door. She squealed "Wow! You look
great!" I just blushed and said thanks and my heart skipped a couple beats.
She then put her arm around my neck and dragged me to her truck.  I was so
glad my parents were gone to San Diego for the weekend and I could go anywhere
I wanted and do anything.  Her mom smiled at me and said I looked nice and we
were on our way.  I looked at Jenny's chest and couldn't help noticing how
hard her nipples were sticking out from her Baby-T with the thin straps.  She
wasn't wearing a bra!  I sat back and began to breathe hard.  I then let my
eyes carefully observe down the length of her slender healthy body.  Damn she
was so hot!!  I loved her so much and would do anything for her and I wanted
to tell her so badly it made my body ache.

      Before I knew it Jen was helping me out of the truck and her mom gave
her a 10 dollar bill.  We went up and bought our tickets and walked inside.  I
bought the snacks, big bucket of popcorn, some milkduds, and 2 large sodas.
We found some seats third row from the front right in the middle. Perfect.
Other teenage girls began to fill in the other seats and Jen moaned. "Aww. No
boys yet? That sucks."  That made me frown, not because their were no boys
but, that's the only thing she seemed interested in.  Oh well I thought no one
can stop me from daydreaming.  The movie started up and I got comfortable and
sat back.  I don't know why but, I always sat with my legs spread apart. I
guess it was just my thing.  Towards the end of the movie I felt a hand rub my
inner thigh. It made me jumped and I looked over at Jenny.  She smiled and
said "Oops!" and giggled.  What! My mind was flooding with different thoughts.
Was that really an accident?!  I was freaking out but, kept cool in front of
her and responded with a smile and innocent "Ooh lala!"  then she laughed.  

       After the movie we sat in the parking lot waiting for her mom.  Then 30
minutes passed and she tried to call her house but, no answer.  So I thought
my house isn't that far.  And I asked her "Why don't we just go to my house
and chill untill we can get a hold of your mom?"  She nodded with my delight
and we began to walk to my house.  It was getting late by this time almost 9 I
think when we arrived at my house.  My house was pitch dark as we walked in
and I turned the living room lamp on.  It was dim but, light enough to see. I
was so excited not knowing what that rub on my inner thigh meant but, I wanted
to find out.  And what better way when we were all alone and my parents were
gone.  

     She sat on the couch and got comfortable then she said "Hey! come sit by
me so I can show you something"  I wasn't about to argue so I plopped down
next to her.  She then let her shirt strap fall down her shoulder and I saw a
big bruise.  I gasped. "What happened!?" 
"I was undressing and fell back and hit my back on the door knob. Oww it hurts
so much and my back is sore too."  Then I said "Want me to give you a shoulder
massage?"  Uh oh I thought.  Maybe that was going too far but, she said back
faster than I could think "Yeah! thanks!"  My eyes widened and with no
hesitation began to rub her shoulders and neck. She threw her head back and
moaned.  I started going down her whole back in circular motions and she
laughed when I touched her sides.  "Hey! That's my tickle spot!"  Me being a
big flirt decided to go for it and I started playfully digging my fingers into
her sides and she squirmed and laughed and turned around so she was on her
back.  I kept tickling her and giggling as well.

        I stopped and she frowned "What's wrong? You don't like tickling me?"
she said in a sad baby-ish way.  I smiled and said "No I just thought maybe
you were getting tired of it."  She sat up and pushed some of my long brown
hair from my face.  "It's okay.  I really didn't want you to stop sexy!" and
then she darted off into my room.  I was dumbfounded.  Was she kidding?  I
walked slowly to my room and then noticed a big wet spot on the front of my
jean shorts.  "Oh my god!" I thought but, I kept going.  I opened the door to
my room and it was pitch dark.  I whispered "Jen..?"  No answer, so I felt my
way over to where my TV was and then the lamp light in the living room went
off.  My heart was racing and I heard someone come in the room so I lunged
forward and caught nothing but, air and made a loud thud as I hit the floor.
"Are you okay?!" Jenny said.  "Yeah..I thought you were in front of me so I
tried a tackle move."  "Oh! Hehe." She giggled and then helped me up.  "I
can't see anything Jen, why'd you turn the lights off?"  "I dunno, I guess I'm
sort of tired.  Can I crash on your bed?"  "Sure.." I said.  I heard her body
flop down on my bed and I noticed how hot my body was getting.  The type of
hot when you get extremely horny.  "Come lay down" she said and I sat  at the
edge of the bed and then layed back trying to control myself from doing
anything. 

          I was almost drifting off to sleep when I felt a hand brush across
my chest.  My eyes opened but, it was still pitch dark.  I sat up and reached
my hand out and I touched Jen's face.  She licked the back of my hand and said
"Hey sexy.. I didn't know you were up."  I asked, "are you playing around
Jen?" and my hand slipped down her shoulder to her thigh.  I almost fainted
because she was completely naked.  She moaned and said "Lets fuck.. I've been
wanting you so bad ever since I saw you.."  "I've been wanting you too Jen.."
"I know.." and then she moved closer and I felt her breathing getting closer
to my lips. "Wait..light a candle or something..I wanna see your face Jen."
"Okay.." and she turned around and lit my black candle with no problems.  I
saw her naked body and almost orgasmed right then! But she moved in and licked
the side of my cheek.  I couldn't believe this was happening.  

          She helped me slide my shirt off and she opened her mouth a little
and began to slip her tongue in and out of my mouth.  I let my hand caress the
sides her waist and my hand cuffed her smooth ass and I began to massage
harder.  She unhooked my bra and pulled it from my chest and attacked my right
nipple with her mouth.  She was sucking chewing and tonguing my hard nipples
like crazy.  I gave a little moan and began to french kiss her neck, my tongue
explored the whole length of her neck while she switched nipples.  She told me
to lay down and relax and I did.  She unbuttoned my shorts and slowly pulled
them down while tonguing my stomach.  I bucked my body so she could pull them
all the way off with my underwear with no hassel.  While my body was in the
air she licked the slit of my wet pussy.  I moaned and rested my body back
down.  "Ooh Jen..I love you so much.." "I love you..too.."  I caressed her
face and she layed on top of me.  I felt her hot pulsating pussy against mine
and I kissed her lips and my tongue swam around her mouth.  She pushed her
pussy into mine and began humping me like a dog.  She was so hot and so was I.
I pushed back grinding harder and harder and she stopped.  I snapped out of my
trance and looked up. "Good fucking huh?" I nodded and before I could give a
out loud reply she spread my legs apart. My pink flesh inside my pussy was
exposed and I felt my own juices slip between my legs.  She licked up as much
cum as she could and sucked on her lips. "Mmmm god you taste sweet.."  "Ohh
Jen..make me cum more.." I moaned.  At this she burried her face into my pussy
and tickled my sensitive bud. My body spasmed and I pushed my hips up and
fucked her face and she held on torturing me pleasingly with her tongue more
and more.  I then came and came and out of breath and wet all over turned over
on my stomach after orgasm.  

          She tapped me on the shoulder. "Did you like that?" I hugged her and
kissed her lips. "Yes.."  "Will you do it to me..? Please..?"  Of course...
	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I miss you Jen!
Love-Anonymous.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 13: birthday-sleepover 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 01 Feb 2005 16:19:40 -0500
From: Ricky Hudson <ravensrock_2003@hotmail.com>
Subject: Birthday Sleepover

Hi all, Ricky Hudson here.  You may have read my series called "Nichole's
Anatomy Lesson" in the bisexual young friends section.

Since there are many readers here that just read the lesbian stories only
and never look at the bisexual ones, I thought I would give you a treat and
just tell the part of the story of a special sleepover with Nichole and six
of her girlfriends.  Enjoy!!!!!

BIRTHDAY SLEEPOVER

Sitting around the dining room table were Nichole and her friends Jane,
Michelle, Angela, Beth, and Laura.  Laura is Beth's older sister and asked
if she could come to the party since she was bored and wanted to have some
fun.  Nichole didn't mind at all since she really liked Laura who was quite
different from the other girls.  Her best friend Ericka was invited but she
called and said she had a bad cold and couldn't make it.  Also there was
Nichole's mom and dad and Harley, her brother.  Nichole's mom lit the
candles on the cake and everyone began to sing: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR
NICHOLE, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!!  Nichole closed her eyes, made a wish,
and blew out the candles.  Jane said "OK, birthday girl, what'd you wish
for?"  Nichole said "I just wished that Ricky was here."

Everyone then ate cake and ice cream and gave Nichole her presents.

Nichole's dad then announced "Nichole, your mom and I have a special
surprise for you" "Really?" Nichole asked "And what's that, dad?"  Her dad
said "Since my little girl is growing up and this is a special birthday,
your mom and I are going to spend a romantic evening at a hotel tonight and
leave you girls to yourselves without having us around."  Then her mom said
"And Harley will be spending the entire evening up in his room, right
Harley?"  To which Harley replied "No problem with that!!!!"  Harley wasn't
complaining because his room had everything he needed; a computer, TV,
video games, etc.

Nichole said "Gee, thanks mom, dad, that is really nice of you to do that."
"Your welcome, sweetie, you deserve it and I know we can trust you and your
friends."  About a half hour later Mr. & Mrs. Welsh left for their evening
out, Harley went to his room, and the girls headed downstairs to the
clubbed basement.

The girls got downstairs in the basement and spread out their sleeping bags
and began to get dressed in their night clothes.

Jane told Nichole "I hope your parents have a good time tonight at the
hotel." Laura interrupted and said "Are you kidding?  They'll probably be
fucking each others brains out."

All of the girls broke out in laughter.  Michelle said "Nichole, do you
think that your brother will leave us alone?"

Nichole, with a smirk on her face, said "Michelle, if there were a hundred
girls here he wouldn't bother us."  This caused Angela to ask "You mean
that he doesn't like girls?"  To which Nichole replied "Do I have to draw
you a picture?"  Then Beth asked "You mean to tell us that Harley
is...is...GAY?????"

"Only about one hundred and ten percent" was Nichole's answer.

Then Laura said "How `bout if we get Harley and his little dick down here
and give him his first taste of pussy, maybe that will drop the percent
down a little bit."  More laughter.

Nichole said "I will tell you this, Harley may be young but I have seen his
cock by accident and it is about four inches which is a pretty good size
for someone his age; or so I have heard."  Jane laughed and said "By
accident, bullshit, how big is his prick when hard?"  To which Nichole
replied "I dunno I have never seen him with a boner."  "Yeah, right" added
Jane.

The girls finished getting their nightwear on and sat down on the floor in
a circle.  Angela said "So, Nichole, tell us about this Ricky guy we have
been hearing about" "Yeah, tell us" Beth added.  Nichole blushed and said
"If I told you everything it would then be morning and we wouldn't have
gotten any sleep."  Michelle said "We are supposed to sleep?"

Naturally that brought more giggles from the girls.  So Nichole went on to
tell her friends about everything that happened between her and Ricky.  She
told about how she snuck into his bedroom and woke him up and then about
the hot sex they had and how they fell in love.  She didn't leave out a
single detail about the time he "ate her out", the awesome fucking, and the
numerous orgasms that both of them had.

She also enjoyed telling them how she secretly masturbated him at the
football game.  Laura had her hand down inside her tight blue jeans and
said "Damn, girl, this is making me wet".

Angela also was playing with her pussy in her boxer shorts and said "ME
TOO!!!!!!!!!"  Jane was fingering herself through her pajama bottoms.
Michelle and Beth, the youngest of the group, were both breathing heavily
hearing Nichole tell her story.

Then Nichole's eyes lit up as she said "I just remembered something, be
right back" She then ran upstairs while the other girls had quizzical
expressions on their faces.  In two to three minutes Nichole returned and
said "Look what I've got" as she twirled a pair of yellow silk panties
around her fingers.  Laura said "Big deal, a pair of panties!"  Then
Nichole said "These aren't just any panties, they're special."

Nichole went on to explain how she used the panties twice to clean up all
the left over cum that Ricky had unloaded the first night they had sex.
"So you see, these are very special to me and I keep them as a souvenir"
Nichole exclaimed.

She then tossed them to Jane and said "Take a whiff, and pass them around."
Jane put the cum crusted panties to her nose and said "MMMMMMM, MANLY!!!!!"
then Michelle, Angela, and Beth took turns in getting a scent of what a boy
produces.  Laura, however, didn't stop at just smelling them; she licked
them and even put a little in her mouth and sucked on them, all the while
rubbing her cunt through her jeans.  "OK, OK, let me have those back, don't
want to ruin them" Nichole demanded as she grabbed them from Laura.  Jane
exclaimed "Seems like we got a bunch of cock hungry girls in this room!!!!"
To which Laura (who else?) added "Yep, and we need to do something about
that."  "What do you mean?" asked Nichole.  "I have a great idea!!!" Laura
replied.


Laura had really gotten all the girls curiosity up as she started to
explain her idea, She said "Since there are no guys here and all of us are
getting hot, let's make the best of it and do some "exploring" of each
other."  This really got the other girls attention.  Then Laura went on to
suggest that each girl take a partner and then start exploring each other.

Laura said "You can do whatever you want to with your partner, with no
holds barred".  Jane, Nichole, and Angela were now really getting excited
and liked what they were hearing.

Michelle and Beth were a little bit unsure because they were the youngest
and least experienced, if they had any experience at all.  Laura said "OK,
let's choose partners, and since it is my idea, I get to choose first...I
choose...ANGELA!"

Quickly, Jane spoke up and said...and I choose...THE BIRTHDAY GIRL!!!!
That left Michelle and Beth as the remaining partners.  Then Laura said
"Now all the partners get together and let's have some fun."  Angela and
Laura teamed up as did Nichole and Jane and Michelle and Beth.


As you can tell, Laura was really in heat as she wasted no time in starting
to get Angela undressed.  She took off Angela's tee shirt to reveal a small
but beautiful and firm pair of breasts.  Laura licked her lips as she
started to play with Angela's breasts and made her nipples nice and hard.

After sucking and licking on Angela's breasts, Laura climbed on top of her
and they started kissing hot and heavy.

Jane and Nichole and Michelle and Beth decided to wait before they did
anything, choosing to watch Laura and Angela in action.

The french kissing continued until Laura started to lick Angela all over,
down to her navel and around the waistband of her boxer shorts.  Jane
shouted to Laura "Take her shorts down, PLEAZZZZZEEEEE!!!!!"  Laura wasted
no time beginning to remove Angela's boxers.  As she did, the hottest pair
of pink panties came into view.  They were really wet from all the guy
discussions that took place earlier.  Laura and the other girls just stared
as Angela was being undressed.  "We want to see her pussy!!!!" Michelle
hollered.  With Angela's help, Laura removed the hot pink panties.
Angela's cunt was now in view and ready for inspection.  Just a small
amount of brown fuzz covered her pussy.  Angela just laid there in her
total nakedness letting the other girls stare and gawk at her beauty.
After a few minutes of displaying herself, Angela said "OK, who wants to
see Laura naked?"  At once Jane, Michelle, and Nichole shouted "ME!!!!!!!"
The only one who didn't was Beth and that is because Laura is her sister
and she probably sees her naked almost everyday.  At Angela's insistence,
Laura laid down on her back on floor.  Angela then removed Laura's tennis
shoes and socks stopping for a little while to give her feet a gentle rub-
down and massage.

Laura then lifted her arms so that Angela could remove her while tank top.
Surprisingly Laura was still wearing a bra, which was unusual for slumber
party wear.  Angela wasted no time reaching around to unhook and remove the
bra and when she did the biggest pair of tits were exposed.  Laura smiled
as all eyes focused on the size of her breasts.  "WOW!!!!!!!!!"

exclaimed Nichole "Those are the biggest pair of boobs I have ever seen."
"Why thank you" replied Laura "I always thought they were too big but the
guys like `em so that's all that counts."  Angela, Nichole, and Jane all
surrounded Laura and suddenly six pair of hands were working over her
breasts like they were a new toy.  Laura just closed her eyes and moaned
with the excitement of her tits being played with.  Beth and Michelle just
watched in fascination.  Beth said to Michelle "I knew that was going to
get a reaction, I hope my boobs will grow that big when I get to be my
sister's age."  Michelle said to Beth "I bet you she has lots of hair
covering her pussy" Beth laughed and said "Betcha five bucks she don't."

That answer was enough to make Michelle back off on her bet.

As Laura's breasts were given a going over and tongue bath by three girls,
Angela said it was time to get her out of the rest of her clothes.  As much
as the girls wanted to continue working on Laura's luscious tits, they also
wanted to see what she had between her legs.  Jane and Nichole backed off
as Angela started to work down the zipper on Laura's very tight blue jeans.
Angela struggled for a while until Laura finally said "Need some help?"
Laura helped push her jeans down far enough so that Angela would not have
any problem pulling them all the way off.  Then came another surprise.
Laura displayed a very sexy pair of white thong panties which only
highlighted how good looking her body was.  Jane told Nichole "I bet Ricky
would love seeing you wearing those" "Oh, yeah, I need to get a pair like
that" was Nichole's response.  Then Jane chuckled and said "Course from
what I understand you wouldn't have them on very long."  Nichole responded
"You got that right."

Now Angela decided it was time for the grand unveiling.  She grabbed the
waistband of the panties and slowly rolled them down.  Everyone but Beth
was expecting to see a large bush surrounding Laura's cunt.  Laura's pussy
was slowly being revealed as the panties were being taken off.  To
everyone's surprise (except Beth) a fine looking totally hairless pussy was
unveiled.  Laura said "I guess this is a surprise for you girls, but most
of the boys I have been with like hairless cunts so I shave down there."
As her pussy was on display once again there were more gawks and favorable
comments.

Nichole started to rub and feel Laura's cunt and Jane got ready to finger
her.  Angela started to get a little angry and said "STOP!!!!!  SHE'S MY
PARTNER, REMEMBER?"  Nichole and Jane backed off and Jane said "We know
that, don't get your panties in a wad."  Michelle and Beth laughed at the
jealousy that was going on.


Obviously, Angela now was getting hot and ready to work on Laura's pussy.
She placed her finger inside Laura's very wet and hot cunt.  She felt all
around and found her clit and that was all it took for Laura to start
bucking like crazy with her magic touch.  Laura squealed and told Angela to
keep it going.

No problem with that for Angela judging by the way she was breathing and
moaning.  The four girls watching were all playing with themselves while
they were being entertained.

Angela continued her finger assault on Laura's pussy as she fucked her
faster and faster until Laura screamed as she unloaded and shook with a
violent orgasm.  All the juices she could possibly have inside of her had
been released.

Angela removed her fingers and licked all of the girl cum off of them.  The
two naked girls collapsed back on the floor.

Angela enjoyed bringing Laura to orgasm but was disappointed that she
hadn't had one herself.  Laura seemed to know what Angela was thinking.
She told Angela "Spread open those legs, girl, I'm comin' in."  Of course
she did as she was told as Laura started to put her tongue into action
lapping all around her lightly fuzzed cunt.  As far as Laura was concerned
a cunt was a cunt whether it had hair or not, any kind tasted good to her.
Then she took her tongue and shoved it as far into Angela's pussy as she
could.  Angela panted loudly "OH YEAH BABY, FASTER PLEASE, FASTER,
FASTER!!!!!!!!"  Laura licked and sucked as fast as she could hoping that
her partner would be totally satisfied.  That satisfaction came as Laura
located Angela's very hard clit and kept circling it with her tongue and
nibbling on it.  Angela moaned and screamed "GEEZZZZZ, AHHHHH,
OHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"  Nichole, Beth, Jane, and Michelle kept masturbating
themselves through their night clothes excited by Angela's reaction of
being "eaten out"

by Laura.  Angela exploded with a super orgasm as Laura lapped up
everything that was being fed to her.  Once again they collapsed on the
floor in total exhaustion but completely satisfied.  After they finally got
composed Laura and Angela put their night clothes back on. Nichole said to
Jane "Are you ready for me?"  Jane replied "Only if you are ready for
me!!!!!"


Nichole and Jane were so excited by watching the hot actions of Laura and
Angela that they knew it would not take long for either of them to be
brought to orgasm; in fact they purposely held back when masturbating to
assure it didn't happen then.

Rather than undressing each other they quickly got out of their clothes.
Jane took off her cotton pajama top and bottoms and surprisingly was not
wearing any panties at all.

Nichole quickly took off her light blue night gown and white floral
panties.  Jane's breasts were small but slightly larger than Nichole's.
Like Angela, Jane's pussy had some fuzz starting to grow around it while
Nichole's was completely bald.  They stood together in all their naked
beauty to let the other girls get a good look.  Laura said "Damn, if I
hadn't just had an orgasm there are two cunts that I would love to taste."
"You had your turn" said Jane in a huff.

"Just kidding, chill out" was Laura's response.  Now it was time for the
good stuff.  Jane told Nichole to lie down while she climbed on top of her.
Both wet pussies were grinding together as they got a great rhythm going.
Then they decided to french kiss a little and followed the same routine of
Angela and Laura.  Hot tongue play went on in both girls mouths as the cunt
against cunt grinding continued.  Jane stopped and said to Nichole "I want
your pussy, NOW!!!!!"

She got off of Nichole to allow her to spread her legs wide open.

Jane began her oral assault on Nichole's pussy as Nichole rocked back and
forth and groaned passionately.  Her tongue darted in and out and all
around the inside of her love tunnel.  Nichole screamed "YEAH...LICK MY
CUNT, JANE ...DO IT!!!!!!!!"  While Nichole was screaming Jane kept licking
and sucking and in no time Nichole was brought to orgasm.

Michelle said "Boy, she came in no time" Nichole breathing heavy said "No
wonder, I was half way there after watching Laura and Angela."  Laura asked
"Did Ricky ever make you cum that fast?"  "That's none of your business"
Nichole laughed.

Then Angela noticed a little bit of sadness on Jane's face.

She said "I think Jane still needs to be serviced." "Yes she does, let's
get her" Laura exclaimed.  Jane was forced to lie back down as Angela and
Nichole each started sucking on her small breasts.  While they were tasting
her tits and licking her hard nipples, Laura began to fist her cunt hard
and fast.

Jane screamed in ecstasy as three hot horny females were working her over
from top to bottom.  All Michelle and Beth could do was excitingly watch
the great show being performed before their eyes.  "I'M
CUMMMINNNNNG!!!!!!!" she yelled (besides, what good erotic story doesn't
have that sentence in it? ha-ha).  Laura withdrew her completely soaked
fist from Jane's vagina.  She licked it and offered it to Angela "Wanna
taste?"  Angela severed in Jane's pussy juices.  Then Laura said to Nichole
"Wanna taste?"  Nichole did the same as Angela "UMMMMMMMM GOOD!!!!" was her
response.  Lastly, Laura offered it to Michelle and Beth "Wanna taste?"
Both girls just turned their heads away while the other four laughed at
them.

Nichole and Jane, now fully satisfied and spent, put their nighties back
on.  Beth turned to Michelle and said "Well, I guess it's time to go to
sleep".  "NOT SO FAST!!!!!!"

Laura exclaimed.


Laura said "It seems to me there are two girls in this room that haven't
participated yet" Jokingly, Michelle and Beth turned their heads around to
see who the two girls were.

Then Angela said "OK you guys get naked for us!!!!"  "NOOOOOOO"

said Beth "I don't wanna."  "Me neither" Michelle said as her face turned
red.  "C'mon little sister" Laura said to Beth "Don't be such a baby; you
and Michelle show us what you got"

There was silence from both of the girls.  Nichole said to Laura "Hey
Laura, how about if we help them a little?"

"Good idea" Laura replied "Beth get over here and lay down".

Beth hesitated but didn't want to embarrass her older sister so she did
what she was told.  Laura said to Beth "Just lay back and enjoy this."
Beth closed her eyes waiting for whatever was to come.  Laura grabbed hold
of the cheerleader sweatpants that Beth was wearing and pulled them down
and completely off.

Beth really looked cute lying there in just her sweatshirt and light pink
cotton panties.  Then Laura told Beth to lift her arms so that she could
take her sweatshirt off.  By now Beth thought "what the hell, they won't
give up until I am naked."

Off came the sweatshirt and the tiniest pair of breasts were exposed.  Beth
was embarrassed about how small they were but Michelle told her don't worry
about it because hers were just as small.  Jane said "Don't worry, Beth,
look at the jugs your sister has, one of these days yours just might be
like hers"

"I hope so" Beth responded.  Angela said to Laura "How about taking her
panties off now so we can see her young snatch."

Quickly Beth crossed her legs to make it difficult for her panties to be
removed.  Laura said to Beth "C'mon sis, you know that you are not going to
win, give it up."  Beth finally gave in and let her older sister pull her
panties off, exposing her nice youthful hairless pussy.  Jane, Angela,
Nichole, and Michelle stared at the beautiful naked youth lying there
before them.  Nichole said "Girl, you look great now, just think about what
you will look like in a coupla years".  The other girls all commented about
how cute Beth was.  Beth was now enjoying all of the attention her naked
body was being given by the other girls and her shyness was starting to
disappear.  She stood up and walked around in a circle like she won the
Miss America contest.  For fun, all of the girls gave her a round of
applause as she strutted her stuff.  After walking around in a circle a few
times she stopped directly in front of Michelle, rubbed her breasts and
then her pussy and said "Guess whose turn it is now?"

Michelle lowered her head and said in a soft voice "Mine, I guess."
Nichole walked over to the two girls and said "Beth, help me to get
Michelle undressed."  Michelle knew that she was the only girl yet to get
naked so she figured she better get it over with.  Beth said "I GET TO TAKE
HER PANTIES OFF!!!!!"  Nichole laughed and said "Sure, she's your partner."
Michelle raised her arms and allowed Nichole to remove her yellow
nightgown.  As expected her breasts almost matched Beth's exactly as to
their smallness.  Beth smiled at Michelle and said "I just love those
little tits of yours, now I don't feel so bad."  Michelle responded by
saying "Well, if you love them, Beth, then that's all that matters to me."

Beth smiled as she and Michelle just stared at each other.

Suddenly, Michelle leaned over and kissed Beth on the cheek.

Beth responded by kissing Michelle on the lips and they continued to
exchange quick kisses.  Angela leaned over to Jane and said "Looks like
something may be going on here!!!!"

Jane nodded her head in agreement.  Beth then said "Michelle, I want to see
what you have down there."  Michelle whispered "Please take them off."
Beth dropped to her knees as fast as she could and was staring at
Michelle's yellow panties which matched her nightgown.  Beth snickered and
said "I think someone may have gotten a little excited tonight"

referring to the dampness of her panties.  As expected, Michelle started to
blush.  Then Beth grabbed the waistband and quickly yanked them down as
Michelle stepped out of them.  Beth stayed on her knees and just stared at
the young naked hairless pussy staring her in the face.  Michelle said "You
like?"

"YESSSSSSSSSS, IT'S BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!" Beth drooled.  The other four girls
laughed because these two girls were really starting to get worked up.
Laura suggested to Beth and Michelle that they lay down and face each
other, which they did.  Then Laura gave them instructions to play and rub
each other's little tits.  Both girls used their fingers to lightly caress
each other's breasts and nipples.  They both got excited as their nipples
got hard when pinched. They started to moan and groan in the enjoyment of
feeling each other's naked flesh.  It became very obvious that this was the
first time for both of them.  Angela suggested that both girls reach down
and start playing with each other's pussies.  Beth reached down and started
to finger Michelle.  "WOW!!!!!!"

she said "You are really hot and wet in there".  She then moved a couple of
fingers inside Michelle's cunt as Michelle squealed.

Michelle then did the same to Beth.  Both girls got hotter and hotter as
their exploring of the inside of each other's cunts continued hot and
heavy.  The other four girls were really enjoying the sight of these girls
having their first time.  The cunt playing continued for a little while
until Nichole told them to stop and try something different.

Beth and Michelle wasn't sure what she meant but now they were soooooooooo
hot and horny they were ready to do anything.


Nichole asked Michelle and Beth "Have either of you girls ever heard of
doing something called sixty-nine?"  Neither one of the girls had.  Then
Nichole said "Good, then you are going to enjoy this."  Laura said "I am
really going to enjoy watching this; I have done this many times with both
boys and girls."

Angela asked "Is there anything thing you haven't done?"

"Not much" was Laura's response.  Nichole explained to Beth and Michelle
what sixty-nine was and how they were to lay opposite of each other which
their faces at each other's pussies.

Earlier, Beth and Michelle wouldn't have given this a thought but now they
couldn't wait to get into this position.

Both girls were lying so that their pussies were each within striking
distance of their tongues.  Nichole told them to start licking around the
outside of each other's cunt.

Both of them slowly started to lick and tongue each other up and down their
pussy lips.  They each jolted at the feeling of how great it felt to
actually taste each other.  They continued slowly at first and increased
their pace.  Then Nichole told them to push their tongues inside.  Michelle
was the first to enter her tongue completely inside Beth's cunt.  Beth
yelled with delight at the feeling of her cunt getting a hot tongue
examination.  Then it was Beth's turn to enter her partner's cunt.
"mmmmmmm, mmmmmmmm, MMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!" was the sound she made as she
tasted Michelle's insides.  They slowly worked their tongues in and around
getting a good flavor of what the inside of a cunt tasted like.  Then each
girl starting going in farther and faster and licking each other like a
thirsty dog laps up water in his bowl.  Both of them felt a tingling like
they never felt before and were slurping each other like crazy.  The other
four girls cheered them on.

Simultaneously both girls exploded in each other's mouths, sucking up all
the fluids that they could handle.  This went on for a couple of minutes as
each girl had their thirst quenched.  Finally, they removed from their
suction and feel back on the floor in total exhaustion.  Jane said "Well
girls, whatcha think of that?"

Panting heavily Michelle said "AWESOME" and Beth said "THAT WAS SOOOOOOO
WILD!!!!!!"  After resting for a few minutes, Beth leaned over and kissed
Michelle on the lips, and Michelle returned the favor. "Thank you, Beth,
you were great"

Michelle said excitedly.  "Not as great as you were" Beth told Michelle "I
can't wait to do that again".  Nichole laughed and said "You girls keep
that up and you will become just like Laura."

Laura asked "And just what is that supposed to mean?"  The other girls
laughed like crazy.  Michelle and Beth finally decided to put their
nightclothes back on.  What a great slumber party it had been...SO
FAR!!!!!!!

If you enjoyed the story and want to write, my e-mail address is
ravensrock_2003@hotmail.com

Latrz,

Ricky

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 14: blair 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 7 Jul 2017 22:20:27 +0200
From: Willows Blues <willowsblues@gmail.com>
Subject: Blair

I've always loved stories about girls and young women's lesbian
experiences. Over the years I've collected these stories and written them
down. Some are my own experiences. Most were told to me by friends and
lovers. A few were shared with me by woman I've never met in person. I have
a bunch and will be posting to Nifty over time. I hope you enjoy them
too. Feel free to reach out to me at willowsblues@gmail.com


Love, Willow.


Oh and obviously if this type of content offends you or if you are not of
legal age to view adult content, then do not read it!


Oh and also, please donate to Nifty! This wonderful service wouldn't be
here without our support.


---------------


Blair


This story was told to me by my friend Natalie. She's a doctor now living
in Washington DC. She's a beautiful, smart, sensitive woman that if you met
you might not believe has such a strong sexual side.



I was 13 and down over the summer to visit my grandparents in North
Carolina. They lived way out in the country. They were pretty well off and
had a big old house on a farm with a lot of land but it was in the middle
of nowhere and there were few other people around and nobody my age.


That is except for Blair. She was a year older than me--14--and lived down
the road about a half a mile. She was what people used to call "white
trash". She lived with her Dad and her grandmother in a trailer.  (Her Mom
had abandoned the family when Blair was little.) You can probably easily
picture how they lived. An old mobile home with junk out front and rusted
out cars and scary dogs chained up. Her Dad sometimes did odd jobs for my
grandfather but mostly he drove a tow truck. He was also known to grew weed
up in the woods.


But if you got passed the bad haircut and cheap clothes her Dad made her
buy at Kmart, Blair was kind of pretty. She already had a really nice
figure although she was a little on the plump side. Her hair was blond and
she had these amazing intensely blue eyes.


We ended up hanging out together quite a lot because as I said she was
pretty much the only other kid around. We couldn't have been more
different. I was from D.C. and went to private school. My parents were very
protective and looking back I had lived quite a sheltered childhood. It was
funny. Blair had barely ever left the county she was born in and yet, at
least to me, seemed so worldly and mature, and I had been to Europe many
times and lived a far more sophisticated life and yet I felt like I didn't
know a thing when I was with her.


It was maybe a week or so into my stay when  it all started. Blair and I
were out walking together. That was mostly what we did. I was too afraid to
go to her house because of the dogs and my grandparents house could get
pretty boring and stuffy. We were walking down a dirt road when out of the
blue Blair asked if I had a boyfriend. I said "no" feeling embarrassed by
the question. Then Blair asked me if I had ever been with a boy. I wasn't
sure what she meant by "been" but I said "no". Then Blair asked me had I
ever kissed a boy and I said "No" although I almost lied. Blair laughed and
said "Really! Not even kissed! You are sooo innocent. You probably wouldn't
even know what to do." She said with a mocking giggle. This made me really
embarrassed but also kind angry. I hated how childish she made me feel.


We ended up down by the creek on my family's land when Blair turned to me
and said. "I'll teach you how to kiss if you want." To be honest I was a
little scared of Blair and I didn't know what to say but I didn't have to
because before I knew it Blair pulled me toward her by the arm and kissed
me. "You didn't even kiss." She said scornfully. And then she leaned in and
kissed me again. This time I awkwardly tried to kiss her back. Blair gave
me another look like I was stupid. And then we kissed again. But this time
she didn't stop. She kept moving her lips against mine. She was very
sloppy. Her saliva began to cover not just my lips but all around my mouth.
She whispered that this was the way "movie stars kiss". She was slurping
and sucking on my mouth. I tried to do the same thing. I sucked and slurped
on her mouth too. If anyone had seen us I'm sure we would have looked
totally ridiculous.  We sounded so loud in the still summer air. I almost
laughed at the noises we were making. "That was pretty good." Blair said
enthusiastically. "I like kissing you." And then she kissed me again. This
time she stuck her tongue in my mouth and began to roll it around against
mine. She put her hands on my hips and pulled me close up against her body.
She was quite a bit taller than me and my neck strained as I tilted my head
back. I didn't know what to think. I was kind of freaked but excited by it
too.


We took a break and walked a little deeper into the pines. She was looking
at me and smiling. "What?" I asked. She just grinned. "What?" I asked
again. "Your nips are hard." I hadn't even noticed. I was wearing a t-shirt
and no bra and sure enough they were. "That means your horny." She said
with a giggle. "No I'm not!" I protested. "Yeah you are." She said. "No I'm
not!" I said almost yelling. "Yeah you are. You're HORNY!" She said with a
smug grin. But then she added. "It's okay. I am too." "I bet you like girls
don't you?" Blair said. This made me turn bright red. "I knew it." Blair
said. "I... I...wait." I felt tongue tied. Blair smiled. "Look at you blushin!"
She said. And then before I could say another word she started to kiss me
again. "It's okay. I won't tell anybody." She added looking me deep in the
eyes and breathing heavily. And then she took me by the hand into a thicket
of pines that was just back from the creek. She had this big smile on her
face. "What..." I said. "Shhhh" Blair said. "Somebody might hear us." And
then Blair started to pull up her shirt over her head. She was wearing a
bra that was old and frayed and too small for her and cut sharply into her
plumpness. When she took it off her big tits came popping out. I stood
there staring eyes wide and mouth open. Blair grinned. "you like em?" I
didn't say anything but I couldn't stop staring at them. They were
beautiful, firm, luscious tits. "Let me see yours." Blair said. I
hesitated. "Come on!" She hissed. Obediently I lifted off my t-shirt. Mine
weren't anywhere as big as Blair's. They were more like round, firm balls.
Blair touched them with both of her hands. It was almost like she was
examining fruit in the supermarket. "They're cute." She whispered. Then she
grinned at me and said. "Feel mine." It was more like an order than an
invitation. I started to touch Blair's tits with my finger tips. They were
warm and fleshy and damp with perspiration. "Don't you want to squeeze
them?" She asked. I squeezed them in my palms. "Kiss them." Blair said. So
I gave them few shy kisses. "You're supposed to do it like this." She
whispered. And she began licking and sucking on my nipples. It was so
exciting to watch her. My whole body tingled. When Blair stopped. I did it
the same way. Blair's already erect nipples got even harder and I just kept
sucking on them. I could taste the sweat on her skin. She moaned softly.
"that is so good" she said encouragingly. But I didn't need encouragement.
I was really enjoying it too. I filled my mouth with her fleshy tits. And
then suddenly Blair stiffened. "I hear something." Quickly we fumbled with
our clothes. I had to help Blair with her bra. Then we pulled on our
shirts. When we got out of the thicket we saw it was a fisherman on a boat
but we left anyway. Blair was giggeling and holding on to me as we ran up
the road. "Wasn't that fun?" Blair asked. What could I say but "yes."


The next day. Blair came by looking for me. She had a backpack which was
unusual but as soon I went off with her she said she had an "idea" with a
wink. We walked down the backroad to the corn fields. Where suddenly Blair
ducked in. I followed and we made our way through the tall corn rows deep
into the center until we came to a little clearing. Blair dropped her bag
and pulled out an old tablecloth and spread it out on the ground. Then she
turned around and abruptly kissed me on the mouth and started to pull off
her shirt. "I couldn't stop thinking about you all night." She said
breathlessly between kisses. "I bet you thought about me too." She said.
"Yeah." I whispered. "I bet you touched yourself when you did. I sure did.
I thought about you sucking on my titties and how cute you looked." She
said as she lifted off my shirt.


Making out was different this time. Something clicked. The day before it
felt like we were actors pretending to kiss but now our mouths and tongues
just fit together. She was just as wet and sloppy as before but this time
we swirled and licked and sucked in a gentle dance. I closed my eyes and
held her. It was very hot and we were both sweating. I loved the feeling of
her warm full breasts pressed against me. Drops of sweat tickled as they
ran between us. "It's fun messing around isn't it?" Blair said
breathlessly. "Yeah." I whispered.


We laid down on the blanket together and kissed and took turns sucking on
each other's tits. I don't know who liked what more. Me sucking her tits or
her having her tits sucked. Then Blair stood up. "Let's get all the way
naked." And before I could say a word she was pulling off her blue jean
cut-offs. I couldn't believe it when Blair wiggled down her panites
revealing her little blond bush. She just laid back down on her side and
said with a giggle "Here I am." I was blushing but I pulled off my shorts
and pulled down my panties too. I had a small patch of brown hair and Blair
stared at me with a big grin. Then she took me by the hand and pulled me to
her. We started to kiss and she ran her hands all over my body. I did the
same although a bit more shyly. "Suck on my titties again." Blair said. I
went to town on them. Now Blair was making a lot of sounds. It took a while
for me to notice but as I was sucking on her tits Blair was fingering her
own pussy. I looked down and saw her rubbing and sliding her finger all
around. "Don't stop" Blair said. So I kept going and before long Blair let
out this deep moan. "That was the best." She said. I could smell the scent
of her pussy in the heavy humid air. It smelled good.


Blair told me to lie on my back. "Okay now you try." Blair started to lick
and suck on my nipples. I felt a little shy about touching myself that way
in front of her but i started to anyway. And then I felt Blair's hand stray
down. First she caressed my belly softly. Then she started to play with my
pubic hair. And then finally she pushed my hand away. Blair did it
differently. Rougher. Faster. She was rubbing my clitty hard with the tips
of two fingers. But it felt good. Really good. Her tongue was still rolling
hard on my nipples. And she kept doing it faster and rougher until I felt
that familiar feeling coming on. But it was also different.  My whole body
shook. Blair sat up looking very pleased. "I made you cum." She said
proudly. I sat up. "Yeah... it was awesome." I said. Blair kissed me again.


There I was laying naked on this old stained scratchy polyester blanket
that barley protected us from the hard rough ground. But as I lay there on
my back staring up at the bright blue summer sky I felt amazing. Blair was
next to me. Laying on her side. She was slowly tracing her finger along my
body. But I also felt a twinge. "Blair?" I asked. "Do you think it's wrong
what we're doing?" Blair gave me many gifts but what happened next was the
best of all. She gave me a look like I was the stupidest person on earth
and said "How could anything that feels this good be wrong?" I couldn't
argue with her. I laughed out loud and from that moment on I was liberated.
I remember feeling this tremendous freedom. I looked up at her and kissed
her on the lips.


The next day we went to the same spot. We didn't say a word but just
silently stripped. When we laid down on the blanket Blair said "I want to
see yours... up close."  I spread my legs wide and she looked at me. Like she
was studying something. Then she touched me with her finger and then
brought the finger to her mouth and tasted it. "We kind of taste the same."
She said.  "Let me see yours." I said. She sat up and leaned back on her
palms and spread her legs. Hers was very pink and lips were already
swollen. I was fascinated. "Go ahead and taste it." Blair offered. So I did
the same.  "Lay back down." Blair said. I didn't know what to expect and
then I watched Blair lean over my thighs and I felt her breath on me and
then a few little licks. And then more stronger licks. And then Blair
started to use her fingers and now my body started to hum with pleasure.
Blair got more and more bold licking harder and harder. This time I was
wimpering. Which made Blair go stronger and all of a sudden I came like I
had never come before. It was the first time I ever cried out from an
orgasm.


Blair was now laying next to me smiling. Her face still had my juices on
it. "That was fun." She said. "I want to try" I whispered. Blair kind of
sat up a little because she said she wanted to watch. And then I just
started to lick and lick as hard as I could. I loved the pink folds. Her
pussy looked like something out of a cartoon. She had puffy smooth lips and
a bright almost bubble gum pink cunt. I loved licking her pussy and even
tried to get my tongue up inside her hole. Blair was making a lot of noise
now and she came very quickly and very hard. When I got up Blair just
grabbed me and started to make out with me. We kissed and kissed holding
each other tight. For the next few weeks we made love as often as we could.
It was a wonderful time and is a wonderful memory. Thank you Blair!
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 15: bra-shopping 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2010 09:55:11 +0100
From: Zero Minus Zero <zerominuszerominuszero@gmail.com>
Subject: Bra shopping

This is a work of pure fiction. No events in this story actually happened
and all characters are figments of the author's imagination. Enjoy!


My best friend Leslie and I went bra shopping for the first time the other
day. I hadn't really been on an especially adult shopping trip with just
her, without either of our mums, but there's a first time for
everything. My mum had pressed the best part of a hundred quid into my
hands when I'd told her that I needed new underwear, a school skirt,
tights, a hockey jumper and a few casual t shirts. "Well do it yourself,
then," she quipped, "it's not as if you'd listen to my opinion anyway."

I texted Leslie and we arranged to spend a full day in town together
shopping, with a nice long lunch thrown in at the middle. It sounds a bit
childish to say that it was pretty much the most grown up thing I've ever
done, but that's the truth.

We decided to get the boring things out of the way first, so we walked
round Marks & Spencer looking for a nice packet of cheap, functional plain
knickers for me. We giggled over chosing a pack of seven innocuous white
ones with subtle patterns and Leslie commented that she fancied looking at
the bras. "I hardly need one," I moaned, covering my chest with my free
hand subconsciously, "I'm nothing compared to you."

"Oh, don't be silly Pri, you have something there, for sure. What are you?
A? B?"

"Er... A I guess, I'm not really sure. My mum got me a couple about six
months ago but I don't always wear them. Sometimes for PE at school, but
that's about it. I think they were double A. Maybe. I'm not sure, they seem
to fit OK."

"Oh my dear Pri, don't worry about it. They'll come. I pretty much do need
one, because I'm a B. But I was thinking of getting a fitting. Fancy
joining me? They're supposed to be good here."

I absent mindedly fingered a lacy red number that hung on the shelf in
front of me. "I guess so. But I'm not wearing one now. Does that mean the
fitter will see my, er... chest?"

"Priya my love, I'm afraid that's just something you'll have to get used
to. And think about it logically. Either you're as flat as a pancake, in
which case the fitter will have nothing to see, or you're big enough to
warrant a fitting. Either way you can't lose!"

I laughed. This was why we were best friends, because Leslie could always
put me at ease and make me happy. She led me to a member of staff and asked
about fitting. The girl - not a lot older than us really, you could work in
these places from sixteen and we were only three years younger - nodded and
led us to the fitting rooms. "This might sound weird, but can we do it
together?" asked my friend, as forthright as ever. "We're best friends,"
she added unnecessarily. The fitter agreed and we entered a changing
cubical together. It was one of those ones with swigning salloon doors,
like in a cowboy film.

"Er, just take your tops off," called the girl over the door. "But you can
leave your bra on, if you're wearing one."

"I am," said Leslie, peeling off her T Shirt to reveal a nice white bra
with a pretty swirly pattern on. It was classic, yet sexy, and made her
look beautiful, as always. I embarrassingly unbuttoned my blouse to reveal
to the world my small pert breasts. "I'm, er, not," I whispered inaudibly
as the girl came back in, holding a tape measure.

"That's fine," she said to me in a kind voice. "You'd be amazed how many
women don't come in in bras for this. Big old ladies with saggy tits and
everything," she laughed. I suspected that this line was rehearsed to put
her embarrassed younger customers as ease but I laughed along with her
nevertheless. She told me to hold my arms up, which I did as she wrapped
the tape measure around my body and measured just below my bust. My little
nipples were rock hard but she appeared not to notice. "Now put your arms
down," she said as she looked at my chest, analysing my chest. "I think
I'll get you a few different sizes to try, just in case, but it looks like
you're probably a 32A."

She looked me in the eye and smiled. "There's definitely something there,
sweetheart, don't worry. And they'll almost certainly grow more over the
next few years."

She turned to Leslie who already had her arms up. "I don't need to measure
you if you're wearing a bra," the girl laughed. "Just tell me what size it
is and I'll bring a few possibilities."

When she told the girl that she was wearing a 36B, the girl frowned. "That
might not be right, you know. I think actually you could even be a
34C. It's common to wear the back too large and the cup too small," she
explained.

After she had left to fetch some samples, we both collapsed into
giggles. "You're wearing completely the wrong size!" I laughed at her.

"You're nipples are bloody enormous!" she hissed back at me, "it's not that
bloody cold!"

We stood sniggering at each other until the lady came back and passed three
bras over the top of the door to Leslie and three to me, with instructions
to try then all on, then at the end put on the one that's most comfortable
and call her back in. She said she'd be back in five minutes as we did
so. I examined the sizes I'd been given: 32AA, 32A and 32B. It seemed that
the number wasn't in dispute, even if the letter was. "What did you get?" I
asked Leslie who replied that she had a 34B and C, along with a 32C. "I
think the 32 might be a little optimistic," she smiled ruefully at me.

As we tried on our collections I couldn't help but notice my friend's
wonderful chest. Her breasts were just so perfectly sized, just the amount
I could hold in my hand. And her nipples! They were just so pink and
perfect, so different to what I was used to with my brown Indian skin. I
had seen my cousins' breasts once or twice over the years, getting dressed
for weddings and trying on saris and so on, so a pale pink breast was a
real novelty to me. Trying on bras with my best friend suddenly felt like a
real privilege: an intimate rite of passage that bonded us closer.

In the end, I settled for the 32A (the B cup was, at least for the time
being, a fantasy) while to my amazement, Leslie's 32C was the best fit for
her, and confirmed as "perfect" by the fitting girl. I stupidly asked if I
could keep mine on, but the girl laughed and said she'd have to scan their
bar codes first when we paid for them, but suggested putting them on in the
toilets afterwards if we were really keen. We giggled once more and slipped
them off so that the could be taken to the till, this time with me
forgetting to be embarrassed and exposing my chest to both the girl and
Leslie as the girl stood at the saloon door, propping it open and I didn't
even care at that point if any other women walked past. They didn't and we
had yet another moment to laugh about as we paid for our new clothes and
then left the shop with lunch on our minds.

We had a lovely afternoon. We had a nice lunch at Pizza Express and spent a
long time in the afternoon looking at dresses for Leslie, who was in the
mood for one. She eventually settled for a nice flowing summer frock with
lovely bold flower prints. Then I decided that as she lived far away,
Leslie should stay the night at my house and her mum agreed. We headed home
in the afternoon and watched TV until dinner time, then went upstairs to my
bedroom to try on our new clothes.

First of all, Leslie paraded her dress in front of me and looked absolutely
gorgeous in it. The colour matched perfectly her short dark hair and its
shape hugged her body perfectly. Her boobs looked fantastic in their new C
cup bra.  "Oh, your bra!" squealed Leslie. "You never put it on. Oh you
must try it now, let's see what it looks like."

I unbuttoned my blouse and put my new bra on, allowing my friend a long
look at my budding breasts, which she drank in deeply. I hooked up the
back. "Wow," breathed Leslie. "Your first proper bra. Double A doesn't
count, you know. But why don't you try on the rest of your clothes?"

"Rest of them? That's it, isn't it? I've shown you the t shirt already."

"What about these?" she asked slyly, holding up the packet of knickers that
I had bought that morning. I'd forgot all about them.  "Really?" I asked
doubtfully. "Are you sure?"

"You don't *have* to, but it would be nice to see how they match with your
bra."

"OK." I reluctantly acquiesced, unsure whether to take it as more fun
dressing up games or something more sinister. I tugged my jeans off and sat
on the edge of my bed to slip off my socks. In just my underwear, I opened
up the packet and selected a pair of white cotton panties with a simple
repeating blue polka dot pattern. Leslie watched as I slipped down my
current knickers, fully aware that my best friend was staring at my small
triangle of dark hair down there as I did so, and finally pulled the new
pair up.

I stood up and faced her. "There! What do you think?"

"Gorgeous," said Leslie as she walked towards me, held my shoulders and
spun me round so that I was facing the mirror as she stood close behind
me. She stroked my hair. "Very nice," she murmured. Her hands fell to my
shoulders. "Nice new bra," she whispered. Her fingers then fell to my
stomach as she stroked my belly button. I felt her breath on the back of my
neck. Suddenly I was all stiff and tingly, though I wasn't entirely sure
why. Her hands were on my hips, fingering the waistband of my new
pants. "Lovely," murmured Leslie, practically in a trance now. Her fingers
stroked the material at the top of my legs and slowly moved closer to my
mound. I didn't object as she ran them up and down the top of my pussy
lips, brushing against the hair beneath the material.

I stared into her eyes via the mirror. "Take your dress off," I told her.

The spell was broken. She looked frightened. "What?"

"Take your dress off. I want to feel your skin against my back."

She nodded and quickly slipped it off her shoulders, leaving us both
standing in our underwear. She pressed her belly against the small of my
back so that I could feel it and moved her hands back to between my legs,
stroking and tickling away as the tingles deep inside my body continued. A
hand floated up to my chest and brushed one of my boobs. I realised that,
through the padding, my nipples were firmly erect. Leslie dived her hand
inside the material and squeezed, causing me to moan in pleasure. She
continued to massage my boobs with one hand, which I found absolutely
delightful, while with the other hand she moved back down to my knickers
and slid her fingers under the waistband. My friend brushed past my small
triangle of growing hair and found my pussy lips, which she proceeded to
stroke as they gradually became lubricated with my fluids.

I moaned and moaned as I twisted and swayed my body against Leslie's
massaging hands and tried to reach around and touch her body without losing
our front-to-back position in front of the mirror. I managed to run my
hands against her thighs and feel her plump bottom through her
underwear. "Take your bra off," I instructed her, "I want to feel your
boobs against my skin."

"OK, but you too," she agreed as we both unhooked ourselves and Leslie
pressed her body hard against mine, her large, C cup breasts warm against
my naked back. I watched in the mirror as her hands roamed all over my
body, her fingers pinching my small, hard nipples and her pink hands
dashing in and out of my now sopping wet underpants.

"You are fucking gorgeous, my love," she moaned into my ear. "But I'm so
fucking frustrated right now. Can we please just make each other come
already?"

I nodded and she led me to my bed and instructed me to remove my underwear
and lie on the bed, naked, which I duly did. She sighed and admired my body
as she stood by the bed and slipped her own knickers off. Then she climbed
on top of my prone body so that her head was towards my tummy and her
bottom was practically right up against my face. "What are you doing?" I
asked, suddenly scared that she was going to do something horrible.

"Don't worry, my love, I promise this will be nice. I'm going to lick your
pussy, OK?" She let me digest this information. No one, other than me, had
ever touched me down there before, that I could remember. The idea of
someone licking me seemed bizarre. I almost laughed. "OK," I agreed,
trusting my friend.

"But you have to lick me at the same time, " she added. "Try to focus on my
clit, if you can."

To hear Leslie say the word clit! It was so strange! I had only ever seen
the word before in biology class, in a medicalised, sterile context. The
way she spoke, it was if she were some kind of sex expert. Maybe she
was. But I'd never even masturbated before in my life: I knew what it was,
that was all.

Leslie lowered her face into my crotch and slowly began licking my lips up
and down. It was the most delicious feeling I had ever had before in my
life. After a while she used a couple of fingers to spread my labia and let
her tongue tantalise my clit. I moved my face towards her pussy and rubbed
my nose in her thick black bush (thick compared to mine, at least). I was
enthralled by her peach-coloured skin, which I found just so beautiful. I
clumsily licked her from clit all the way round to her asshole, lapping at
it like a dog. Leslie grunted in pleasure, so I upped my speed, splitting
her lips open with my tongue and finishing off each stroke in the musky
puckered region of her anus.

My friend on top of me focused more and more on my clit, rubbing it
continuously with her tongue, bringing me close to orgasm. I followed suit,
and focused more on Leslie's protruding little nub, and the more I lapped
at it, the wetter her vagina became. I could taste the salty juices as the
dripped into my mouth and relished them as the nicest drink I had ever
tried. Suddenly, Leslie started juddering and writhing on top of me,
grinding her crotch down into my face.

Equally, I felt an orgasm close by and pushed my bottom up in to the air,
pressing my clit against her face. As she unloaded a cup full of clear
liquid into my mouth - part come, part urine, I suspected - I gasped as
finally my moment arrived, and I couldn't stop myself from screaming out in
delight. Leslie collapsed on top of me, exhausted, and I let her lie there
for a while, as we just listened to each other breath. The first ting I
said to her was, "have you ever done that before?" as I was terrified that
she was some kind of promiscuous dyke who was just using me for an orgasm,
rather than any kind of genuine friend.

I needn't worried. Leslie just shook her head and ask said, "no, never. I
just got so turned on when we tried on those bras together today, I thought
I simply must make you strip in front of me on some kind of pretence. If I
could do that, I knew that anything was possible. And you?"

I laughed. "No, of course not. In fact, that might be my first ever
orgasm." Leslie raised an eyebrow. I told her that I was from a modest
Indian family and that masturbation was not an encouraged activity. She
rolled her eyes and told me that she'd been pleasuring herself for years,
since about the age of nine. I was shocked, but then I reconsidered, as I
decided that it is not the place of a naked girl covered in come to be
shocked. I smacked my friend's bare bottom playfully. "Come on Leslie,
let's get ready for bed. I just hope you hadn't planned on too much
sleeping tonight."

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 16: camping-with-the-twins 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2009 10:48:07 -0600
From: Taylor Johnson <taylor.johnson789@gmail.com>
Subject: camping with the twins

     My name is Taylor and i 13 years old at the time. My family owns a camp
ground in Washington state. I love to walk along the perimeter of the
campground as silently as possible so i can spy on the campers as they went
about with their night. Every now and again i would see someone undress and
change. This was always a special treat! I loved spying on naked people. i
would sit silently and watch with my hand down my pants and when they were
done i ran back to the house and had awesome orgasms.
     One night while sneaking about I saw a couple who were getting dressed
to go out in town. I watched in excitement as the couple striped to nothing
but underwear. It was not often i got to see two people dress! I was about
to run back to the house when I heard two sets of footsteps
coming towards my position form the lake. I froze, and ducked low behind a
bush. I watched as the couples twins walked back to their pop-up camper. I
was in disbelief they hadn't seen me. They went inside and said to
their parents how the beach was open to eleven and how it was only eight. In
the light I could see they were twin girls, probably a year or two younger
than myself. I was in even more disbelief! they needed to get changed to go
to the beach! Shortly after they received parental consent to go and swim
their parents left. The two twins were short. Tiny in general. They had no
breasts, and no butts, and in fact the only evidence of puberty at all was
their wide hips. I saw one pull closed the road side curtains, and the other
pull her t-shirt off. Although they had no breasts, their nipples
were beginning to develop. They had large dark nipples which looked
odd seeing as they have no breast tissue. The other pulled of her athletic
shorts to reveal her barely evident slit. Hairless and just as tiny as her
you could hardly tell there was any sort of feature there at all. Half naked
the topless one said, "oh crap," and turned to face the other.
     "What now," responded the other.
     "We left our swimsuits on the close line." The girls turned and went to
the windows they looked out at where their swim suits hung, then at their
surroundings, checking for people. I looked around slowly for this line. I
found it. Immediately in front and above me, with its tiny
swimsuits dangling feet from my head. I could not move or they would spot me
for sure. After they confirmed the coast was clear they ran out to get their
tiny bikinis. I crouched as low as possible. I wondered what i would do if
they found me watching them nude, with my hand in my pants. The ran out
with their tiny hips inches from my face. close enough that i could smell
the soap they used to clean their bodies. They snagged the suits and
scurried back to the awaiting camper where they shut the thin door hard and
began to giggle uncontrollably. The topless twin turned out to face my
position and began to put on her swimsuit top. The other with
a mischievous look on her face opened the cooler and picked up a chunk of
ice. she placed it in her bikini strap and quickly remover her hand. The now
clothed twin squirmed and let out a yelp of surprise. Reaching back, she
quickly swat the unwelcome cold away. The bottomless twin was now laughing
loudly. The clothed twin swung at the bottomless one, but missed and gave up
her retaliation. The bottomless twin pulled her shirt off revealing her
entire body, naked. The clothed twin pulled her bottom off and looked around
for the rest of her suit. she bent down to pick it up, but in the cramped
space found her self face to face with her sisters slit. "Wow, Sammi! You
actually have a bit of hair growing."
     Sammi looked down and responded, "wow i never even realized." The twin
sitting on the floor reached out and gently pulled on the newly found hair.
>From this distance i could not see it. They went on with dressing and
gathered their towels.
    Once outside the began down the trail leading to the beach. I saw one
twin walk up close behind the first and slip the ice cube in her small
bikini. The girl jumped gabbing at her genitals and trying to get the ice
out. After it fell out she chased after the other towards the beach.
     After the girls were out of earshot i let out a loud moan. Partially
because I was so aroused, and Partially because I had not took a full breath
of air since I began spying on their parents. sitting there in the bush i
had a daring new idea. I was going to sneak into the camper and find the
girls panties. I stealthily slid into the camper and looked at the piles
of clothes on the seat. I pulled out each pair of panties
and immediately put them to my face. I smelt the tell tail smell of moist
pussy. I grew wet. rubbing the panties on my face i slowly brought one to my
breast. I pulled my shirt passed my breasts and began to rub my 34 b-cups. I
unzipped my shorts and slid my hand, covered in the panties, down to where
my swollen genitals are. I rubbed my clit with the panties, not caring what
happened to me at this point. I quickly felt the moisture seep though the
small sized underwear. I set the other on my face and began to feel the
onset of a powerful orgasm. A short few seconds passed and I came. I felt
the panties soak. after my legs stopped convulsing and my stomach to stop
pulsating, I put the panties where I found them and looked at my handiwork.
the panties were soaked. I didn't care. I just got out and went back to the
house. I immediately checked to see how long site 38 was scheduled to stay.
The whole week! i was so pumped i gave an audible shout. I looked out at the
beach from my second story bedroom window. I saw the two girls laughing and
splashing alone on the beach. striped nude and stuck a finger in my moist
hole. I massaged my g-spot and came three more times. I fell asleep dreaming
about what i was going to do the rest of the week. I knew that tonight was
only the beginning.


... Night two coming soon!
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 17: captive-and-angie 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 16 Jun 2002 21:37:34 -0700
From: bigj <bigj@adv-tech.com>
Subject: captive and angie(15-12)

Hi every one this is a true story between my sis and a friend hope I
like it...


well i went to her house & she was laying on the couch,
she was home alone, i went & started massaging her back
and told her to take her shirt off so i could do it better.

she did and then i reached around and massaged her tits
and she took her bra off

then i got totally naked and she went down to her
panties and I head to convince her to take them off by massagin her
pussy

i got them off and startin licking her pussy and she let
her juiced go all over my face

I hungerily slurped it up and she started licking me

then i cummed on her and that was it we just rubbed
each others tits and pussies the rest of the night


we were in my pool and the water was a lil cold so my
nipples got a lil hard and she kinda rubed them to make them soft 

and i asked her what she was doing and she said she was gonna eat
me out under water so i got really hot and horny and took my bathn suit
off and my juices were already cumn out of me

i told her to eat it good 

she went under and oommmgggg was it soooo hottttt

we got out and went to my room and we 69ed and them my sis came
in and shes 6 so i made her join us in a three some

my sis got soo wet and hot i stuck two fingers in her and poped
her cherry 

and my friend licked up the blood with the jucies 

then we all took a shower together

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 18: carolyn-powers 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 14 Feb 2023 15:49:43 +0000 (UTC)
From: Titan Hoop Club <titanhoopclub@yahoo.com>
Subject: Carolyn Powers

CAROLYN POWERS

This is a prequel to a series of stories entitled, "My Teacher, My Lover"
that have been posted in the Lesbian College section.  This is a fictional
lesbian story.  The characters existed only in the mind of the author.  If
you are offended by tales of underage lesbian sex and flirtation, please
read no further.

(Lesbian Young Friends)

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Puberty can be an awkward time in a young girl's life.  With hormones
releasing in all directions, some girls come out of it too gawky and
skinny, while others emerge too fat.  During puberty, some noses become
inelegantly long or misshapen.  Some girls develop zits, while others
develop tits that are much larger or much smaller than the other girls,
when all they want to do is to fit in.

Carolyn Powers was one of those rare girls where everything on her
adolescent face and body developed perfectly... and quickly.  One night, or
so it seemed, Carolyn went to bed a typical 6th grader, and the next
morning she woke up a budding beauty, all at the tender age of 12.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Thus, life changed quickly for preteen, Carolyn Powers.  It was as if God
had suddenly gifted her with a largess of beauty and sex appeal.  Already
tall for her age at 5'5", with skinny, giraffe-like legs.  And then
suddenly, without warning, Carolyn began to fill out appealingly in all of
the right places.

Previously blessed with golden-blonde hair and a gleaming-white smile,
Carolyn was now prematurely endowed with a shapely figure to go with her
height.  Unlike her skinny, shorter, still-maturing friends, Carolyn now
had an athletic bubble-butt to go with her well-proportioned legs, and full
A-cup breasts.  Many of the other 6th grade girls were still fumbling with
their training bras.

Even dressed in her plaid-skirted grade school uniform, Carolyn was often
mistaken for a high school girl of 15 or 16.

Overnight, Carolyn became the most popular girl in her elementary school,
and older boys were tripping over themselves in seeking her attention.  In
a store with her mother, people had stopped them to say that, "The pretty
girl should be a model, or on TV."

While many girls would have been overjoyed, it was all happening way, way,
too fast for Carolyn.  The 12-year-old felt as though she needed to hold on
to something or she would spin off of the planet.

Jennifer Ryan was a neighbor that Carolyn had known practically all of her
life.  A pretty brunette, the 15-year-old was a freshman at Novato High
School.  The city of Novato is an affluent suburb of San Francisco.

Jennifer and Carolyn had been close friends when younger.  They would play
all manner of sports and games together in their backyards.  They began to
go their separate ways when Jennifer entered 7th grade.  The age difference
became too much for Jennifer as her interests and body began to mature.
Carolyn, a toothpick-skinny, but pretty-faced 4th grader was left behind.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Carolyn and Jennifer had always played youth soccer.  Due to their age
differences, they had never been on the same team, but had been part of the
same Novato Youth Soccer Organization.

Now a freshman, Jennifer played on the JV girls team at Novato High.
Several weeks earlier, Carolyn was surprised and thankful when Jennifer
invited her to the high school to watch her play.

Soon, the two young girls were kicking the ball again in the back yard,
just like old times.  Carolyn was noticeably pleased that at least one
thing had returned back to normal in her life.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

One early Saturday afternoon, 12-year-old Carolyn was in her youth soccer
uniform, absently dribbling her soccer ball in her front yard.  Seeing
Carolyn through her kitchen window, Jennifer stepped from her house to talk
to the pretty 6th grader.

After a brief chat about school and soccer, Jennifer offered to show
Carolyn her new, Italian soccer cleats.  Carolyn walked into her house and
yelled, "I'm going to Jennifer's."

Carolyn had been to Jennifer's house numerous times, and vice versa.
Carolyn's mother thought nothing of it.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The 15-year-old and 12-year-old bounded up the stairs to Jennifer's
room. Carolyn's cute, blonde ponytail bounced with each step.  The house
seemed oddly empty.  There was no trace of Carolyn's mother or little
brother, Jimmy.

Looking around, Carolyn asked, "Where is everybody?"  Jennifer replied
matter-of-factly, "They're in Concord.  Jimmy has a soccer match there."

Carolyn looked around Jennifer's room for the first time in over two years.
Pictures of Harry Styles, Taylor Swift, Ronaldo, and US Women's National
Team members, Hope Solo and Abby Wambach, had been replaced by sexier
pictures and posters of Selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus, and US Women's National
Team members, Tobin Heath and Alex Morgan in bikinis.

Sitting on the floor like they had done as kids, Jennifer proudly showed
Carolyn her new, Novato-green Diadora soccer boots.

Suddenly, the vibe in the room changed.  Jennifer looked deeply and
intently at Carolyn, which confused and spooked the 12-year-old.  Jennifer
pulled the rubber band off of Carolyn's ponytail, and began to wordlessly
run her hands through Carolyn's silky, golden hair.

"You really are `hot,' Carolyn." Jennifer said at last, moving her hand
from Carolyn's soft hair to trace the 6th grader's delicate, blemish-free
face.

Abruptly, Jennifer began aggressively and sloppily kissing the 12-year-old
beauty.  Inexperienced with tongue-kissing, the 15-year-old soon had her
saliva all over Carolyn's lips and face.  Carolyn had, of course, been
kissed before, by her mother and aunts, but never anything like this, she
thought to herself.  Carolyn was scared, and frozen in place by her
friend's unexpected behavior.

Carolyn wiped her face on her soccer jersey sleeve, as she asked Jennifer:
"What the heck was that?"  Jennifer backpedaled: "I thought it would be fun
if we practiced kissing.  That's what girls my age do."  Jennifer
continued, "If you want to kiss a boy, you want to be prepared, don't you?"

Not wanting to appear to her older friend like a little kid, nave
Carolyn assumed that everything that Jennifer had just said made sense.

"O.K., then.  Do you want to try it again?" Asked Jennifer.  Carolyn
apprehensively nodded her assent.  "O.K.," said Jennifer.  "We're going to
start again with a regular kiss, and then a French kiss.  That's where you
use your tongue."  Jennifer placed both hands on the 12-year-old's face,
giving Carolyn several sweet, gentle, closed-mouth kisses.

Carolyn had to admit that Jennifer's soft lips on hers felt strangely
pleasurable, and she began to relax.  Round Two found Jennifer trying to
awkwardly trap Carolyn's young tongue in her eager mouth.

"Ew," said Carolyn.  "I don't like that."  The 6th grader wiped her mouth
for the second time.  Intimating that Carolyn was still a baby, Jennifer
teased the elementary school girl: "When it comes time to kiss a boy and
you're not ready, don't blame me."

Carolyn was now embarrassed and defensive.  "Look at me," Carolyn thought,
reflecting on her maturing body.  "Do I look like a little baby?"
Determined to prove that she was a big girl, Carolyn decided to just shut
up and go along.

Seeing that her taunting had embarrassed Carolyn, as she wished, Jennifer
shifted tactics as she moved in for the kill.

"I'm sorry, Carolyn.  No more French kisses." said Jennifer.  "Let's try
one more regular kiss."  Carolyn nodded.  She had enjoyed those.

Once again, holding both sides of Carolyn's face, Jennifer leaned in for a
kiss.  This one was longer and more passionate, Jennifer's hands roamed
across the 6th grader's blonde hair and slender back.  The kiss lasted
longer than any of the previous ones, Carolyn pulled her head back to get
some air.

Jennifer gave a friendly laugh, rubbing Carolyn's arm.  "That was pretty
good," Jennifer said, complimenting Carolyn.

"At high school slumber parties," Jennifer went on, "Girls like to compare
their boobs.  It's fun.  I'll show you mine if you show me yours."  Carolyn
thought it an odd suggestion, but she wasn't a high school girl so she
didn't know any better.

Jennifer looked longingly at Carolyn's luscious, developing breasts which
were pressing snugly against the fabric of her soccer jersey, saying, "It
looks like you've already got a pretty good head start for a girl your
age."  Squeezing one of Carolyn's jersey-clad breasts, Jennifer uttered
"Beep beep" with a laugh.

Jennifer then removed her own blouse and white bra, revealing a charming
pair of tan-lined young breasts.  They were already well-developed for a
15-year-old.

Not waiting for Carolyn to respond or react, Jennifer tugged the 6th
grader's soccer jersey over her blonde-haired head.  Carolyn was wearing a
grey sports bra.  Even with the purposely confining sports bra, the bumps
on Carolyn's chest were unmistakably impressive for a 6th grader.

Carolyn was shocked when her high school friend impulsively lifted
Carolyn's sports bra almost up to her neck, revealing her round,
wonderfully-symmetrical, full A-cup breasts.  Carolyn's nipples were pink,
and instantly became hard when exposed to her similarly topless friend.

Jennifer sexily squeezed her tan teenage breasts before she began
impatiently exploring Carolyn's breasts with her busy hands.

Carolyn allowed Jennifer's hands to wander freely on her maturing,
pubescent breasts.  Carolyn wasn't sure if she was terrified or exhilarated
as her older friend salaciously pawed her still-ripening, young boobs.

Impetuously, with teenage lesbian lust on her mind, Jennifer lowered her
head and placed one of Carolyn's enticing titties into her mouth, gripping
the 12-year-old's pink nipple with her teeth.

That was one step too far for the increasingly anxious 6th grader.  Quickly
pulling down her sports bra to cover her breasts, Carolyn hurriedly put her
jersey back on and ran out the door and all the way home.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Jennifer sat on her bed waiting for the shit to hit the fan!  She knew that
she had gone way too far and had technically molested a 12-year-old girl
who was in the 6th grade.  Judging by Jennifer's display of bikini-clad and
nearly-nude female celebrities and sports stars on her bedroom walls,
Jennifer's mother already suspected her daughter of a same-sex preference,
which thus far Jennifer had vehemently denied.

Sexually mistreating her little neighbor could get Jennifer expelled, or
even sent to a juvenile facility.  Jennifer covered her face with her hands
as she began to sob in shame and fright.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Racing to her home and running to her bedroom, Carolyn's mother casually
asked, "What did you and Jennifer do at her house?"  Carolyn breathlessly
shouted back in answer, "She showed me her new soccer cleats."  Carolyn's
mother couldn't see her young daughter's flushed, alarmed face as she
closed her bedroom door and fell onto her bed in shock and confusion.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

After several hours of quiet, Jennifer began to realize that she had likely
dodged a bullet.  For whatever reason, it seemed as though Carolyn had not
told her mother of Jennifer's sexual indiscretion.

Jennifer's mother and brother returned from the soccer match.  There was no
yelling or angry confrontation.  It now seemed pretty certain that
Carolyn's mother had not called her mother, or that Carolyn had tattled.
Jennifer began to relax.

Retiring for the night, Jennifer placed her hand inside her panties.
Instead of her normal night-time fantasy involving Alex Morgan eating her
pussy, Jennifer's thoughts continued to drift to her mental picture of
Carolyn's pretty face and mouth-watering young breasts.

Jennifer had known for some time that she preferred girls.  She had
recently accepted an invitation from a sophomore boy to attend a school
dance.  It had really just been a ruse to appease her mother and to keep
her classmates off of her trail.

Although Jennifer genuinely enjoyed playing on the JV soccer team, she most
enjoyed showering with the other girl-athletes.  Sneaking peeks at pretty,
naked girls as old as 18, and as young as 13 or 14 was the highlight of her
day.

Jennifer was only sorry that she couldn't have a girlfriend.  She wanted
desperately to date and have sex with a pretty girl, but didn't have the
courage to come out just yet.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Carolyn was scared and confused as she laid wide awake.  Why didn't she run
when Jennifer first tried to kiss her?  Why had she enjoyed being kissed by
a girl?  Why had she let Jennifer touch her boobies?  Nothing made much
sense.

Then the bewildered preteen asked herself, "Do I like girls?"  It was true
that she had never had much use for boys, and lately when watching "Hannah
Montana" on the Disney Channel, she had daydreamed about being kissed by
both Miley Cyrus and Emily Osment.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Two days later, upon much reflection, Carolyn apprehensively knocked on
Jennifer's door.  A soccer ball was in her hand.

Jennifer sheepishly opened the front door, expecting to be berated.  "Would
you like to kick the ball around?"  Carolyn asked.  "Sure," replied a
relieved Jennifer.  "Let me grab my cleats."

The two young girls wordlessly walked to Jennifer's back yard.  They sat
together on a low brick wall as Jennifer laced up her cleats.  Finally, the
silence was broken by the older girl: "Look, I'm sorry for what happened
the other day.  I guess I got carried away.  I promise it won't happen
again.  I really want to thank you for not telling your mom."

Jennifer continued in a soft voice, "Carolyn, since you're so hot, I think
I simply forgot that you were still just in the 6th grade.  I really am
sorry."

"Jennifer, are you a lesbian?"  Carolyn asked, not accusingly, but more as
simply seeking information.  "Um, I guess so," said Jennifer,
uncomfortably.  "Please don't tell anyone," she pleaded with the
12-year-old.

"I won't," assured Carolyn.  "I think I like girls too."  Carolyn turned a
bright shade of red at her revelation.

The two long-time friends hugged, and began to confide their secrets to
each other.  Their heavy burdens seemed to fall off of their shoulders.

"Did you like kissing me, Carolyn?"  Jennifer asked.  "Yes, a lot," Carolyn
replied, "I guess I've got to get used to that tongue stuff though,"
Carolyn said with a laugh.

It was then agreed that Carolyn would come to Jennifer's house for a
sleepover on Saturday night.

When asking permission for Carolyn to sleep over, Jennifer's mother was a
little surprised that Jennifer was back to hanging out with the grade
school girl.  Jennifer explained, "I feel bad for blowing her off when I
got into junior high and high school.  She was my friend, and that wasn't
right."

Jennifer's mother was proud that her little girl was growing up.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

It was just like old times for Carolyn at the Ryan house, except that
Jennifer's 11-year-old brother, Jimmy, had now clearly developed a crush on
the tall, beautiful, blonde-haired 12-year-old.

Jennifer's mother did her best to keep Jimmy occupied as the girls watched
movies and ate popcorn.  Jennifer was amused by her besotted little
brother, knowing that she would soon be making out with the pretty, 6th
grade girl.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Entering Jennifer's bedroom, things were set up exactly as they had been
during earlier sleepovers when they were both children.

Carolyn's sleeping bag was laid out on the floor.  Both girls knew that
Jennifer's mother would knock on the door, and briefly peer in to say
goodnight.  They would then be undisturbed until morning.

Like clockwork, Jennifer's mother wished them a cheerful good night.
Carolyn was lying in her sleeping bag as she said good night.

Jennifer's mother was happy that Carolyn was back in Jennifer's life.
Carolyn was always such a nice, polite little girl.  Like everyone else,
she marveled at how much Carolyn had physically matured.  She could
certainly understand why Jimmy was infatuated with her.  She wouldn't have
been at all unhappy if they dated once they got to be a little older.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Carolyn quietly unzipped her sleeping bag and crawled into Jennifer's snug,
single bed.  Jennifer was wearing a long, cotton nightshirt, which she
quickly removed.  She was not wearing panties underneath.  Jennifer's
breasts rose sprightly from her athletic, young chest as she welcomed
Carolyn into her small bed with a naked hug and gentle kiss on the lips.

Carolyn was wearing a cute, age-appropriate two-piece, pink and white,
cotton shorts and top set.  Carolyn returned Jennifer's kiss with a shy,
nervous, giggle, as Jennifer placed the 12-year-old atop her naked breasts.

Carolyn could feel her pink nipples stiffen beneath her soft, cotton top as
her warm body made contact with Jennifer's enticing, bare breasts.

Asking permission with her eyes, Jennifer began to slowly unbutton the 6th
grader's nightie top.  Jennifer was savoring every exciting moment before
viewing Carolyn's maturing breasts for a second time.

Carolyn's breasts, as Jennifer knew, were much more developed than normal
for a girl of her young age.  Round, full A-cups, Jennifer looked on in
wordless admiration before her hands began to rub and knead the
12-year-old's adolescent boobs.

Jennifer squeezed and pinched Carolyn's raised pink nipples.  Carolyn tried
to stifle a combination gasp and giggle as Jennifer enveloped one of
Carolyn's breasts into her greedy mouth.  Jennifer's brunette hair
vigorously swished across Carolyn's young bosom, tickling her as Jennifer
vigorously licked, sucked, and kissed Carolyn's ripening youthful breasts.

Carolyn occupied herself by petting Jennifer's long, brunette hair as her
15-year-old friend focused her attentions and eager mouth on Carolyn's
nubile breasts.  At last, coming up for air, Jennifer propped herself up on
an arm as she continued to explore Carolyn's upper torso with her restless
hands.

Jennifer sat up, rubbing her firm, post-pubescent breasts.  Carolyn looked
on with interest before Jennifer leaned into the youngster, placing a
nipple on Carolyn's lips.  Carolyn licked and sucked awkwardly, trying to
emulate what Jennifer had done.

Before Carolyn could stop her, Jennifer had removed her pink and white
pajama shorts.  "No, Jennifer, no," Carolyn quietly hissed as Jennifer's
hand poked at Carolyn's young slit through her little girl panties.  "I
agreed to make out," said Carolyn.  "But you promised not below the waist."
Carolyn's firm breasts jiggled indignantly as she placed both hands
protectively over her white cotton panties with little pink hearts.

"I'm sorry.  You're right," Jennifer whispered.  She'd gone too far with
her little friend to have her run home now.  Jennifer raised her hands as
if to surrender.  Carolyn gave her a peck on the lips as a thank you for
understanding.

Crossing her fingers across her heart, Jennifer offered a compromise.  "I
swear I won't touch it, but can you at least show me your pussy?"  Jennifer
began to finger her own pussy in anticipation.  Carolyn looked on, but was
too timid to touch Jennifer's brown-bushed vagina.

With some trepidation, Carolyn lifted her attractive, preteen bubble-butt
off the bed as she briefly lowered her panties.  Jennifer could see the
small pink slit below Carolyn's silky, golden pubic hair.  With a great
deal of difficulty, Jennifer fought the urge to jam her tongue into
Carolyn's tempting 12-year-old virgin pussy.

Carolyn quickly offered, "You can suck my titties, if you want."  The two
girls kissed and petted tenderly until the early morning before Carolyn
quietly returned to her sleeping bag.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Jimmy was disappointed that Carolyn had dressed before coming to breakfast.
He had somehow hoped to see the pretty, 6th grade girl dressed in a frilly,
sexy nightgown.  Jimmy had hornily stroked his penis the night before to
the mental images of Carolyn in various stages of undress.

Jennifer had enjoyed Carolyn's visit and making out with the beautiful
12-year-old, but she longed for more.  Carolyn, at only 12-years-old, was
clearly not ready to take things further than kissing and playing with
boobs.  Jennifer desperately wanted pussy.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Unbeknownst to Carolyn, things had gone much further between Jennifer and
her JV soccer coach, Lynn Holloway, or Coach Lynn as she was more commonly
known by her players.

Coach Lynn was 41-years-old, and an unpaid volunteer coach for the Novato
High JV team.  A former all-conference player at Santa Clara University,
Coach Lynn had an uncanny knack for grooming and seducing high school
girls.  At another school, she had been caught naked, in the amorous
company of an underage player, but things were quickly hushed up and Coach
Lynn was allowed to quietly resign.

15-year-old freshman, Jennifer Ryan, had become Coach Lynn's most recent
conquest.  The older woman seemed to have a sixth sense in spotting lonely
teenage girls who could be enticed into lesbian sexual encounters.
Jennifer had already proven to be a willing participant.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Jennifer lied to her mother, telling her that she was going to the mall
with some friends one Saturday afternoon.  In fact, Jennifer had arranged
for Coach Lynn to pick her up at busy intersection.

It was a warm spring day, and Jennifer was dressed in a tank top and small
white shorts.  Jennifer's legs were a golden tan from a season full of
soccer.

Jennifer was standing nonchalantly outside of a 7-11 store when a grey
sedan with dark tinted windows pulled up, but didn't park.  Looking in all
directions and satisfied that no one that she knew had seen her, Jennifer
opened the passenger door and entered.

Even with the heavily tinted windows, the coach and the girl offered no
signs of outward affection before the car drove off.  Once safely on the
road and headed to her apartment, Coach Lynn said: "Jen, I'm glad that you
could make it."  Jennifer was silent as the coach's hand drifted up from
the 15-year-old's bare thigh to her crotch.  Coach Lynn's eyes stayed on
the road as she softly rubbed her hand between Jennifer's legs.

"Your mother didn't suspect anything?" Coach Lynn asked in a slightly
concerned voice.  Jennifer wordlessly shook her head "no."  "Good," said
the older woman.  "We're going to have a good time.  I promise you."
Jennifer smiled as they drove the short distance to Coach Lynn's apartment.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Parking the car safely in the garage area, the two females exited without
being seen by any potentially nosy neighbors.  Once inside the apartment,
Coach Lynn pressed the pretty brunette against a wall and began
French-kissing the teenager.  The coach's hands quickly rose from
underneath Jennifer's tank top as if radar-guided.  Jennifer continued
kissing the older woman as she felt her nicest, sexiest bra being anxiously
pawed.  Coach Lynn's fingers desperately reached beneath the bra cups in
search of soft, teenage flesh.

Coach Lynn hurriedly removed Jennifer's tank top and threw it across a
chair.  Her eager mouth plunged into Jennifer's 15-year-old cleavage.
Jennifer was still pressed against the wall, dressed in small white shorts
and a bra when Coach Lynn snaked her hand beneath Jennifer's shorts and
panties, finding her prize with her impatient fingers.

Jennifer moaned softly as the soccer coach finger-fucked her against the
apartment wall.  In Jennifer's imagination it was pretty, 12-year-old
Carolyn's fingers that were inside of her.

The teenager protested that she was uncomfortable with being pressed
against the wall.  Coach Lynn eventually relented.  With her eyes, the
older coach pointed to the nearby bedroom.

As she walked to the bedroom, Jennifer removed her bra.  Coach Lynn's mouth
watered as she admired Jennifer's mature, tan-lined breasts.  Unwilling to
wait for Jennifer to reach the bedroom, Coach Lynn impatiently stopped the
teenager from behind, and clutched and kneaded Jennifer's proud, firm boobs
in her hands, while at the same time pressing her crotch firmly against
Jennifer's athletic ass.

At age 41, Coach Lynn was no longer the svelte athlete that she had once
been.  Her formerly athletic body was not unattractive, but had become
fleshy in places.  Her dark hair was only shoulder length, so as to be
easier to manage.  Coach Lynn wore very little makeup, and usually kept her
large breasts bound in a sports bra.  To be perfectly honest, Coach Lynn
had that stereotypically "dykey" look.  In the ultra-liberal Bay Area, it
would be considered very bad form to question her sexual preference... or
any intentions that she might have with the young girls that she coached.

As the coach began to undress, she thought of the numerous teenage girls
that she had previously seduced.  She knew that her looks were no longer
enough to attract young girls, so she had changed her tactics to prey on
the lonely, self-conscious girls that often felt ignored.  Many were
actually straight, but hungered for any type of affection and attention.
Other girls, like Jennifer, were closeted teenage lesbians, or "Baby
Lez's," as they were known by the older women.

Coach Lynn preferred kinky sex with her young pupils.  The sex was usually
"pretend-rough."  The fantasy was more important to the coach rather than
inflicting actual pain.  Jennifer thought the whole role-playing thing was
silly, but the important part was having her pussy licked skillfully by the
older woman

Before lying naked on the bed, the brunette teenager tied her hair up
behind her head.  She soon saw what was in store for her as the coach
buckled herself into a strap-on.  Coach Lynn's large boobs sagged as she
stood admiring her naked, teenage sex partner.

Climbing onto the bed, coach Lynn spit into her hand and rubbed it into the
8" black dildo for lubrication.  There would be little foreplay that
afternoon as the older woman positioned Jennifer on her knees with her head
down braced against a pillow.

After a few aggressive thrusts into Jennifer's pussy with her fingers,
coach Lynn drove the dildo deeply and uncharacteristically roughly into the
15-year-old soccer player.  Jennifer grunted and groaned as the older coach
vigorously assailed the teenager's pussy.

After several minutes of severe pounding, coach Lynn removed the dildo and
began furiously rimming Jennifer's rectum with her experienced tongue
before plunging deeply into Jennifer's virgin anus with the large dildo.

Jennifer felt like she was being torn in half, and tried to remove herself
from the unpleasant situation.  Coach Lynn was bigger and stronger and held
her teenage prize firmly in places as she continuously plowed Jennifer for
an agonizingly prolonged period of time.

Jennifer collapsed in tears onto the bed when the dyke coach finally
relented and withdrew.  "That wasn't cool," Jennifer finally said.  "You
could have warned me."

"Sorry," the coach said somewhat insincerely.  She had fucked dozens of
high school girls by then.  Drilling their young asses with a dildo was a
personal fetish of hers.  "I know something that will make you feel
better," the coach promised.

Crawling between Jennifer's legs, the 41-year-old began to deliver the best
oral sex that the teenager had ever received.  Closing her eyes, Jennifer
imagined that it was pretty, 12-year-old Carolyn that was licking and
probing her teenage pussy.

Jennifer was not under any illusions that she was in love with coach Lynn.
However, she enjoyed the sex and was glad that they hadn't been caught or
outed.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Toward the end of the school year, Jennifer was told by her mother that she
had accepted a much better job in Southern California and that the family
would be moving within two weeks.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Jennifer was disappointed that she wouldn't be able to watch Carolyn turn
into the beautiful teen she was destined to become, and knew that it would
be unlikely that she would to be the first to stick her tongue into
Carolyn's blonde-maned pussy.

The two girls stayed in touch via email for several months before their
correspondence began to wane due to the long distance between them.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The End.

Please support this great site.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 19: chris-delight 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 25 Aug 2001 09:37:29 +0000
From: Jane Doe <wende18@hotmail.com>
Subject: Chris's Delight

These writings are merely facets of my experiences and
imagination and are wholly fictional. In them, they
describe explicit sexual activities between members of
the same sex. If this offends you, please do not read
further. However, if after reading this, you wish to make
comments, you can always find me at wende18@hotmail.com.
I would love to read them.



CHRIS'S DELIGHT by Wende Fields

Finally, an invitation to Winnie's house! Of course it
had to come by way of a mutual friend in Social Studies
class during fourth period. Winnie, since the beginning
of the school year, had been as big a mystery to Chris as
Chris had been to her. Winnie of  "the" Northrop's, the
most influential family in the city, had invited Chris to
her house for the weekend. Winnie could hardly contain
herself as she finished listening to Gail, their mutual
friend's directions. Didn't she know that everyone in
town knew where Winnie lived? After all, it was the
biggest house, no, make that estate, in the whole area.
Since Chris was new in the city, she had never had the
chance to see the Northrop mansion up close and now was
her big opportunity. Chris, equivalent in ages, but
slightly taller and with larger breasts, simply could not
believe her good fortune.

"Will tomorrow ever get here?" Chris silently asked
herself.

Her initial excitement had given way to impatience.
Slowly, the minutes ticked by toward her last period and
then only a few more hours until she was able to visit
"the" house. What was she thinking? How could she, a
twelve years old petite blonde girl from a northern
middle class family, ever hope to impress Winnie? Well,
if all else fails, be yourself is what someone told her
once upon a time. Well Chris, now is your chance to be
yourself, she thought.

The morning brought a smile to her face at the
anticipation of the adventure on which she was about to
embark. What would Winnie's house be like, she pondered.
Not to worry, she said to herself, she'd be seeing it
soon enough. Now, she thought, on to the morning's
preparation for school.


Oh, to be older than she was, she wished. It seemed older
girls were able to do more things with their life, while
she, `til now, had not an opportunity to go anywhere or
do anything for excitement. What will the day bring, she
kept thinking.

Mathematics, her first and hardest class, but she would
at least be finished with it for the week and then she
could concentrate on thinking about Winnie and what
exciting adventure lay in store. Wow! Where did the hours
go? Chris could not believe the morning and afternoon
flew by so quickly. So, on to the adventure! Now, she
really couldn't contain her excitement!

As she rounded the street corner where she lived, her
friend, Gail approached her and asked when she was going
to Winnie's house.

"As soon as I pack a few things, because she invited me
to spend the weekend with her," Chris replied.

With an all knowing grin on her face, Gail said, "Well
Chris, I know you are going to have fun there!
I spent the weekend with her a few months ago and I can't
tell you all the things we did. I couldn't walk for days
afterward!"

"Was it really that much fun?" Chris asked puzzled.

"Oh, you don't know the half of it," was all Gail said.

"Well, I'd better go inside and pack if I'm to be there
by six o'clock," she told her friend.

"Bye, Gail."

"See ya on Monday." And after pausing, Gail said, "I
hope!"

With that, Chris was really puzzled by that remark and
wondered just what she had gotten herself into by
spending the weekend with Winnie. Oh well, she thought.

"Mom, Winnie's driver is picking me up in a few minutes!"
she called upstairs.

And with that said, she went outside to wait for the big
black limousine to arrive.

"Good evening, miss," greeted the driver as he bent to
open the rear passenger door.

Chris entered the luxuriously finished passenger
compartment and sat back to enjoy the short ride to the
estate. On the journey there, Chris could not but
remember those words she and Gail had earlier. What could
they mean, she pondered. She would soon find out.

Passing through the electric wrought iron gates, Chris
could see the long winding cobblestone drive leading to
the mansion.  There it was! The mansion stood in all its
magnificence with four large white Greek architecture
columns, which Chris silently termed "the White House".
After halting in front, the driver got out and walked
quickly to the rear passenger door and opened it with an
inaudible click. Chris gathering her small bag exited the
large vehicle and walked slowly toward the double front
doors.

"Miss, young Winnie is staying in the guest quarters this
weekend," said the butler as he pointed toward the right
side of the house. "She is waiting for you there."

"Thank you, sir," she said timidly and walked around the
house to her right.

Minutes later, Chris came to the front door and meekly
lifted the large brass knocker. Tap, tap, and tap. Chris
waited, expecting the door to be opened by Winnie.
Moments later, Chris lifted the knocker to knock again.
Pausing, something told Chris that no amount of knocking
would have the door opened. Cautiously, she reached for
the door handle and pressed downward. The door opened
without a sound and she went slowly inside. Peering into
the room, she was not surprised to see such richly
appointed furnishings. Not quite knowing what to do, she
called Winnie's name.

She waited, but was met with no response. She called
again and waited. Still hearing nothing, she walked
slowly down the hall only to walk into a master bedroom
and bathroom. Hearing a faint moaning, she paused and
cocked her head to gain a different angle in order to
identify the direction of the almost inaudible sound.
This time she distinctly heard from which direction the
sound was coming.


Fearing Winnie to be in trouble, Chris walked further
into the room toward the sounds she heard. Peering around
the door, Chris was met with a sight, at first glance,
quite shocking to her! There she was, stark naked and
kneeling on the oversized four poster bed with a large
fluffy towel beneath the nude form. Chris's eyes widened
as she stared unbelieving at the scene and what Winnie
was doing on that bed.

>From a hook attached to one of the posts, a large red,
soft rubber bag bulged with what appeared to be some
liquid. Attached to this bag, a small white flexible tube
snaked its way toward and disappeared in Winnie's velvet-
like rear.

Soft moans could be heard coming Chris's way and she
suddenly felt extremely warm standing there observing
that scene. Chris was not quite sure what to do, so she
did absolutely nothing. Almost imperceptibly, her hand
began to descend toward her short skirt and soon it was
completely engulfed in the folds of her skirt and
panties. As if with a mind of its own, Chris's hand began
a dance between her legs which ultimately ended with
several fingers sliding inside her hairless, dripping
pussy. Disregarding the growing sensation of arousal
between her own legs, Chris continued to stare at Winnie
and listen to her soft moans.

As they became more insistent, Winnie suddenly reached
behind her and grasped the end of the white nozzle
protruding from her ass and with a slight flick of her
wrist began to slide it slowly in and out in a sensuous
fucking motion. This really caught Chris's attention,
because being naive in this form of sexual pleasure
caused a puzzled, but excited look on her face.
Transfixed by the sight, she couldn't help but let out a
low moan that in turn caused Winnie to immediately stop
her activity and look around with a sharp snap of her
head.

"Oh hi, Chris," she said more calmly than one might
expect. "I didn't expect you for another hour or so," she
continued. "I hope you don't mind, I was just relaxing
with an enema before tonight's fun!"

"Are you sick or something?" questioned Chris after
remembering that enemas were given to those children who
had stomach problems or the flu.

"Oh no, I feel fine. In fact, I feel very horny now!"
Winnie responded in her sexiest purr.

With that comment, Winnie got to her feet on the bed,
bent over with the tubing still resting in her ass and
said, "Do me a favor, Chris and take a hold of that tube
and pull it slowly out. But first, pinch that clamp shut
or water will go all over the bed."

Still somewhat confused and very aroused, Chris reached
over and grasped the end of the nozzle and began to slide
it slowly out of Winnie's ass.

"Oh, ah", were all the sounds coming from Winnie as Chris
pulled the nozzle free.

Quickly, Winnie grabbed a small anal plug and inserted
into her tiny rear opening with additional moaning.
Afterward, she grabbed a tissue and wiped her crease
several times before tossing it into the trash bin on the
floor beside the bed.

"Thanks, Chris", was all Winnie said for a long moment.

Now realizing that Winnie was completely naked, while
Chris remained dressed made the scene somewhat awkward
for Chris. Winnie, in her usual sexy way, tilted her head
back and laughed uproariously.

Thinking Winnie was laughing at her, Chris shouted, "Why
are you laughing at me?"

"Don't you see?" Winnie responded, but immediately
continued, " I am standing here completely naked and you
are still dressed." "By the way, did Gail give even the
slightest hints about this weekend?"

With a puzzled expression, Chris asked why Winnie had
said that.

"Oh, you'll see!" was all Winnie said.

And with that comment, Winnie walked over to the stereo
as if she were casually dressed and found a CD suitable
for dancing.

"Do you want to dance"? She asked over her left shoulder.

"But, you're naked, Chris remarked abruptly, I'm not sure
how to handle dancing with someone who is naked."

"Sure you do, if I am naked, all you have to do is be the
same."

"What?" Chris shouted. "Are you crazy?"  "I can't just
take off my clothes because you said so."

"Sure you can. No one is here and no one will disturb us
the whole weekend. I come here on weekends just to be
able to do wild things and relax with an enema without my
parents asking a lot of questions," Chris explained.

"You mean you actually enjoy having one of those tubes in
you," was Chris's Question to her.

"Of course, silly," Winnie intoned, "I've been enjoying
enemas for several years now. They make you feel so good
and ready for sex!"

"You mean you've had sex," exclaimed Chris who suddenly
had a greater respect for Winnie's experience.

"No silly, at least not in the traditional sense."

This latest comment really puzzled Chris and despite the
fact Chris continued to stare at Winnie's hairless pussy,
Chris suddenly wanted to know more.

"What do you mean, not in the traditional sense," she
questioned?

"Technically, I'm still a virgin," Winnie paused a bit
too long for more dramatic effect, "You see, I like
having things pushed in my butt."

"Doesn't it hurt," was all Chris could say to keep from
exploding the hundreds of questions swirling around in
her head?

"Oh no, it feels so good, you just have to try it,"
replied Winnie in her sexiest purr.

Suddenly, Chris felt very warm wearing all those clothes.
She had almost forgotten she was still wearing the short
skirt and only now realized her panties were soaking wet
with all the talk of sex and things. Chris, feeling
bolder, quickly kicked off her shoes and began pulling
the fluffy sweater she was wearing over her head. Tossing
it unceremoniously into the corner, she frantically
unbuttoned her skirt and pulled it down to her ankles.
Lastly, gathering up all her courage, she slid her hands
into the waistband of her panties and snappily dropped
them, only to flick them on to the bed with her right
foot.

Giggling, she began to gyrate suddenly to the music
blaring from the wall-mounted stereo. Grasping both of
Winnie's wrists, Chris began undulating her hips in a
decidedly exaggerated humping motion and Winnie quickly
followed suit. Soon, both girls could be seen dancing
around the room completely naked and lost in their own
reverie of the moment. However, the music ended and
Winnie, breathing very hard, abruptly threw her arms
around Chris and hugged her very tightly.
Chris, in turn, and momentarily surprised by the sudden
movement, reached her arms tentatively around Winnie's
waist and gave her a similar hug. Momentarily, the world
stopped and each girl gazed into the other's smoldering
eyes. Winnie, the more experienced of the two, brought
her lips so close to Chris's, they brushed almost
imperceptibly. The electricity generated by that movement
spurred Chris's lips to action without another thought.
Chris unexpectedly opened her mouth to receive Winnie's
exploring and wonderfully tasting tongue. A low moan
escaped her lips as Winnie continued that savory tongue
duel.

Meanwhile, Winnie's hands were busy trying to explore
every nook and cranny of Chris's available to her.
As if on cue, one of Winnie's hands began to explore
Chris's rear and the rubbing of that velvet-like skin was
having the desired effect on both girls. Chris began to
press her hip forward into Winnie's and almost
automatically, both girls rocked their bodies in a
grinding motion in order to maximize the sensuous effect
each rubbing pussy was having on the other.
Their clits strained to touch each other as two pairs of
hands now massaged and explored that secret crevice of
the other's bottom. Soon, moans and sighs filled the room
as the stereo ceased to have any effect on the two
undulating bodies.After long moments of holding each
other in this manner, Winnie broke free suddenly feeling
the urge to void the contents of her tiny bowels.

"Wait, here and I'll be right back," Winnie said
hurriedly as she dashed into the bathroom.

"Are you all right?" Chris called in a concerned manner.

"Yes, perfectly. I just have to void the water in my
bowel," Winnie called back in a hoarse voice.

Seconds later, Chris could hear the sounds of liquids
being jettisoned into the toilet accompanied by several
moans and gasps of undeniable pleasure.

"Oh, it feels good. Oh, it feels good. Oh, it feels so
good," was all Winnie could muster in the throes of her
delirious pleasure.

Long minutes passed before any other sounds could be
heard from the other room. Then, as if on cue, Chris
heard the sound of the toilet being flushed and waters
running in the sink. Coming out of the bathroom, Winnie's
face had a flush appearance, but she proceeded to pad
over to the bed and throw back the heavy quilt covering
the bed.

"Here, she said, we'll be more comfortable lying down.
And then I can show you what it is like to have your very
first enema."

Feeling as if the spell had been broken, Chris hesitated
a second, but then remembering how turned on she was
moments ago, climbed into bed with her newly found
lover....

To Be Continued

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 20: city-of-blue-rain 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 8 Jul 2003 17:52:44 -0700
From: Tim Stillman <novemberhourglass@yahoo.com>
Subject: The City of Blue Rain

			  "The City of Blue Rain"

				    by

			     Timothy Stillman


Miss Remembers looked at her children, and once more hated
the juvenility of her jokey name, but it was only in that juvenile
jokiness that she had her being, that she had some bearing and
stasis.

They knew nothing about her, her children, her school room
students who dutifully looked at her snaps of France and Paris
and the countryside wild with flowers and blue with summer
sky. They considered it nothing more than brain notes for their
next test, not as though real people lived there in those little
square photos, or in the films from View Finders in the
Travelogue series that gathered dust on the shelf in the supply
closet smelling of oil and destiny and dust gone wrong, dust
gone backward, as though within it, it had a clock, and in the
clock of Deidre.

Who was a long time past, in a city of blue rain and crooked
stair cases and cobbled streets, where horses pulled wagons
and the sky was still and coming on toward winter, and the
Seine was close and comfortable, and the Left and Right bank,
coincided with the artistic lines of the American expatriate
writers and painters and lovers still as the white mountains at
either end of Miss Remembers world, and that was Deidre,
sweet fellow (?) (so odd, the English language; so stifling and
stiff and foreboding, like it was a secret club and only the most
dowdy and the most damaged could get in it) school girl of
brown stocking and smock dress and free fall of black night
hair and she, Miss Remembers, when she was the Melody of
the song, instead of an antiquated, rapidly aging dowager who
did not know anything about life or sex or love or the other
corsages reserved for young girls and young boys alone,
always in the metier of now, always in the present for those
who do not know how rapidly the present fades to end of day.

Her students, Miss Remember's, fidgeted in their Christmas
school room, counting the snow flakes falling leadenly past the
tall prudent prudish windows on the left wall, and Miss
Remembers grasped her hands together, at the back of the
book she was holding, and it took all that was within her not to
remember, as her name implied she could do with shocking
ease (so not true) of a little girl of knobby knees who liked to
nuzzle Melody Remember's lips with her own, there in the
quietest darkest corner at the top of the crooked stairs, late at
night, crawled from their respective trundle beds of feather
pillows and tears only young girls can ever weep, there on the
landing, in the cold or the heat, far past even the time when the
concierge spooked about the rooms in the moment of life
where the moon is always blue and the hands are always
reaching out for hands that reach back.

And touch. Miraculously touch.

The story she was reading was by Colette, and the students did
not approve the translation, not even if the story could be
adapted into their heads and their hearts, in a brazen world
where words shared by school girls in that lilting diphthong
that softened the flowers of affection between two girls who
clutched at each other's brown smocks or off white tattered
nightgowns, there in the garrett of rooms all round them, the
doors closed and still with a kind of angry sleep, a kind of a
city sleep, and towers round, and the Seine flowing calm and
courteous, there in a city so cramped and so oddly spacious at
the same time, as flesh found flesh and it was as friendly as the
sky of night, with the sun not needed, the sun an archipelago of
work and service and school teachers nattering shrilling in the
girls' heads about the guillotine and Marie Antoinette and the
true meaning of Les Miserables and how one loaf of bread
could send the literary world reeling for generations untold, the
need, the lust for food, the need for sustenance.

And the secret of the book?, the teacher said, was that we have
to continue to have sustenance, we suck at our mother's teats,
we gobble porridge, we drink milk or wine, we delve into
ourselves and find ourselves quite wanting and needing love
which so few of us...and then the teacher's flingy voice would
trail off into a distance and the work horses would be clopping
down streets and men would be shouting at the docks and
there would be the sound of commerce all round, as the
teacher touched absently at her lorgnette and then moved out
of her reverie to something else entirely.

Leaving the class hanging, dangling, leaving the class filled
with a sort of meatball area of food that would not sustain, of
food that would taste bad and roaches in the distance sniffing
and sniggling their antenna waiting to take over, while husks of
the world performed for a time as human beings and love, for
that was what the teacher was getting at; love, whatever that
was was not in the cards for so many, and the children had
never thought of that before. There were always mama and
papa. There were always their little friends. There was always
use and a day without calumniate and boisterousness other
than the kind that children can founder and be part of and lay
claim to a piece of its cherry pie now and then.

Which may have made Melody and Deidre cling more to each
other that first night and the second, the finding of each other,
one on her way to the water closet, one coming from there,
and they circled like apache dancers who knew the fragility of
time, suddenly aware of it, as though both of them at the very
same moment heard the moon bark, and knew without
question, the bark was a pinch at their souls, at their thin
wastrel bodies, at their faces with eyes like hollow church mice
holes, with eyes that had very old generations old fevers in
them that had banked and burned low and to nothing
generations ago, and framers of constitutions moved under
their finger tips as they reached little pods of whorls to each
other's face, and considered the move in their bare feet and
their bare ankles and knees something of a flimsy ghostly
expanse of conjoining before the world littered with the old
people they had come to think of as giant trees by a brook of
time that fed because it had to feed, not because it was a gift to
us, thought Miss Remembers, thinking further, it is a gift that
we can't endure, it is not pain or loneliness or hurt or evil, it is
when someone gives us a gift that bars us against them the
most, and considered then the stupidity, the complexity, the
mad fear of the human heart.

A past middle age teacher talked, and students drawing
Christmas bells and Santa faces and house trees that were not
peculiar traditions, could you bring hedges into your house?,
could you bring alley ways into them as well?, if someone said
it was all right, could you drive your Nash Rambler into your
living room, and be so very content?, if it was for a holiday and
was a tradition, then mostly of course.

 They know love is waiting for them, Miss Remembers noted,
they know love is there with its arms already stretched round
bout them, and they will never be sad and never look to the
past, for their Deidre will always be there by their side, and
their Deidre will carry the clock in her tummy, so there will be
no need of remembering how it felt so long ago when the
world seemed so remarkably so unrememberedly young and
two girls lay with each other and explored, and felt the tears in
the back of their eyes and put their hands under each other's
gowns, and the side of Paris that existed in gentler streets, not
in streets with iron ways beneath, not in pits covered and
covered some more where massive amounts of bodies were
buried, to rid the plague of its rapacious appetites, or the
torture chambers, or Madam LeFarge knitting and knitting and
nooses falling and blood spilled in sewers as an old man has his
life eaten away from him by a young girl who uses him
shamelessly and he knows it and lets her.

All rapacious appetites, as two hollow eyes glanced into the
hawk dens of two other hollow eyes, and there were the lips
that brought together as though they were filled with iron
magnets attracting them together, as their bodies attacked each
other, as though they were trying to devour each other, their
toes struggling with the other's toes and the other was not
another at all but them, Deidre was Melody and Melody was
Deidre and they were somehow someone else besides it all as
though they were warm chestnuts conjured up out of the
country of a grille by hands that had gloves that had holes in
them that leaked out fingers, and the girls were to be devoured
by someone with an extra franc or two in their corded pants,
and it would be fine to rest from winter rime and trees frozen
and bare of leaves as white horses went round the park again
and again--

--with little girls in rich blazed red coated comfort of clothes
and well to do parents as the little girls laughed and brocaded
the cold wintry air with a kind of diction that said Melody and
Deidre and Deidre and Melody.

And the fog came in and was made of ice lace, and time
needed to hide for time was being eaten by the night and by the
day all the time and it had to run to escape, and it escaped into
Deidre and Melody and would be there for time eternal.

Clock works, Melody thought, as she uncovered bare Deidre
and sucked at her left nipple like a cold hard seed in a ground
that was gloriously warm from their touch of field to field of
flesh and imagination and dreams and hard for planting and
hard for love to find its way out, to a world where a man was
destroyed for stealing a loaf of bread and poets went to jail for
what they were and what they were was not what everybody
else was and that made sense to Paris Match and idiots in cafes
and dance halls and walking down the streets and considering
the lay of the land that was surely there unmixed and specific
for them, no need they, for the misty muzzy side of Paris; no
need they, for the strength to let go of everything around them
and bid time find a home inside their far too aging far too
quickly bodies that they would simply deny like a kitten hiding
its eyes, only they were not kittens anymore.

And in the cold of the landing, the girls found each other's
vagina, found the little lips, the little mouths down there and
extended their trembling blond blood fingers in the light of one
intruding small landing window far above them that hobbled
most of the moon save for a few forgotten moon rays, and the
girls entered their fingers and they tickled and they put their
heads side by side, and their mouths were open O's as hollow
as their eyes, and they were enemies now, though they would
not know that for some time to come, for it was as if someone
had struck a match on the coldest day in the park there could
ever be, with wind chap and winding down day caught at the
key in the backs of everything and everyone like a marionette
show of tired hands and tireder strings--

--and all the love and all the devotion and all the honor there
was in this side of the world, along with fleeing time came into
the girls and held into them and made them their protectors
and their progenitors, and the girls gifted each other, and loved
each other and hated the gift, because it was mortal now, not a
fairy tale told to each on their own mother's comforting lap
while the night whittled down the ships of long distance away
and the ocean called out all blue eyed and frolicking that was
at the same time mysterious and deep and forlorn, for all the
ladies and all the laddies who danced by the quay to have heart
and to join in the roundelay and find the pearls in the first
locker you come to of sweet dear boy himself Davy Jones.

Miss Remembers words to the class had stopped now, and the
children glad that the words beating their ears had halted. The
boys and girls were sitting slumped in their desk chairs, they
were dawdling their hands, some with pencils, some without,
on their open text books; some were turning their rings round
and round; many were yawning; all were bored, and Miss
Remembers felt as though she and they were in a kind of
bubble, not an American soap bubble or anything like that, but
a French bubble from her own childhood, where you could
imagine yourself in a huge bubble, you and Deidre, flying over
the dark city with its passionate shadows, its silent love making
from all the quiet dark shaded windows and the promise of
croissants and coffee in a few hours as the dew fell and
collected and grew on the grass and on the tables of the
outdoor cafes and the railings of the houses and it was all so
still and taut and quiet in this bubble of a school room in
Springfield Mass. this last day in school before blessed two
week Christmas break--

--and it was like love inside this little room, it was Miss
Remembers finally not sad that she remembered too well,
making love to all these children, without a touch, without an
awareness, without a sound, and without movement or one
shred of clothing removed, which meant that for the first time
since Deidre she had felt those yearnings for someone else at
last, an irony that had far too much iron about it that it fell
about her shoulders heavily, and she knew she would hate
these children as much as she had come to love Deidre.

And hate her as well.

Their "affair" (they giggled behind their hands as they said the
word; it was so big and grown up and important and so
deliciously wrong sounding; so very cellar cave dancing and
bitter liquor, and darting frames of body parts in dimly orange
lighting, with music like cat gut strung the wrong way on the
violin, and played to ear gritting unbearability and strangeness)
was a light of fire far more violent and confligrating on the end
of that match stick in the cold park on the coldest day ever
while little girls ran their crotches up and down on white
horses proudly prancing and being held by the leads and hands
of dulcet men who were only doing their job at the tag end of
their lives when derbies were worn pulled down deep on their
heads and mufflers round their necks and their bodies thrust
down into heavy coats for it seemed the knifes in the wind
wanted to eat them as it wanted to eat time but it could not
because time had been gifted to Deidre and Melody who had
gifted each other with themselves, and the match made warm
and you put your hands over it like the embers of a
cumbersome coal and it felt so ineluctably good to your hands,
it tickled and burned and blackened them with summer's
hottest rage--

--like two girls throwing their legs over each other and rubbing
their mounds on each other, like two girls totally naked this
night and the next and the next and the next after that, till the
discontent started, and the fire made them cold and rigid and
filled with mountains there was no climbing, mountains there
was no umbrage or bright pigment of sun to make pink and red
and bold the blazing banner of morning.

But heat that made the girls cold; heat that made them risible;
heat that stoked the frigidity in them, and the gift was all
wrong, because they wanted to devour each other and their
mouths grasped tits and their tongues stroked naked flanks and
marveled at the warm paleness of them and the fever down
deep in those hollow eyes dead for generations now caught at
the caves of lifting something so terribly heavy that it was all
the torture that the heart could stand; as Atlas shrugged off the
world from his shoulders, not because he hated the world but
because he loved it so; because he wanted it to cling to him
forever; but it made him and it mortal; it was the eating
mechanism of life gone into this private place, and that backed
with the teacher's fatal admission that love is for few...

...even as her voice faded out and she could not bring herself
to say the rest...not to protect them and their innocence; not
because she was a kindly woman, for she was not, and beat
students every day for not minding her; and for someone that
cold, that cruel, that dyspeptic to be afraid of admitting love
comes to few, and that meant love had never come to her and
is that how we will turn out? oh please god let it not be so....

And the joke; the man who ran for his life because he had
stolen a loaf of bread; a man the girls had seen one late winter
day at a street book stall, a man tall and sickly looking with not
nice clothes, as he was examining a small thin book with blue
edge pages; the girls not close enough, but one or the other of
them, they were now sharing each other's bodies and minds
and souls enough that the eating down deep had begun, just as
they had eaten each other's vaginas though not swallowed,
though not digested (the terrible awareness they were given;
women had two mouths; one to devour, and one to ingest, in
between bouts of  urine excretions, which was sad and sick
enough in their minds; how hopeless is love when it must exist
in the triangle between the legs, and down there in the same
community with the piss hole and the back hole, and the
always fear, what if a boy, there were to be boys of course,
neither of them thought ever otherwise, were to put his penis
in the wrong hole, for the right hole they had been told hurt
enough, but in the wrong one--sacre bleu) and woman hood
was to be devoured by men, to be eaten and poked but never
fully digested, regardless of all the cannibalism of that current
lurid ridiculous Todd Slaughter (yes, clever name, rah, rah)
film..

The one about the demon butcher and his taste for certain
types of meat pies, but would being fully eaten, and swallowed,
for the stomach to digest, would this be better than to be
leavings, leavings that were in times stale table scraps
hardening and discoloring on the oil cloth covered kitchen
tables? Might as well be a throwaway kitty than that.

Someone might love you then, finding you down the torn
alleys of the world where a drunk singer in the distance pissed
against a brick wall and tried to find his sweetheart in this last
heartless release. The flame burned. The night of the soul and
the heart and the mind grew cold. The song was at its fullest
flower. The song became so lackluster and feeble and warbling
and dank and wrong somehow as the very flower of it
unfolded and extended and their tongues touched at the center
of each other's flower, the one in front and the one below,
sometimes, that stark acrid piss hole, not touching the back
hole in any other way at all, unthinkable, but still in the climate
of airy poetry that had some how picked up earthiness and had
sunned it against the time heat that grew into each of them,
pushing away pushing forever and completely and totally away
and fine broth of a boy Davy Jones laughing his sea anemones
off at this foolish pair.

But not foolish, for love makes most foolish, makes most live
on the outer edges of giddiness and non acceptance while they
think they are accepting and are quite romantic about it, but
not so; and that is their unwitting salvation, their undeserved
blessing, Miss Remembers thought, now, sitting in her hard
back chair behind her desk, the children warm in the heated
room, thinking Christmas Eve night or Christmas morning
would be the second coming, would be heart's desire laid out
perfect and fine and richly colored in front of them all those
bright gay red and green Christmas wrappings they expected to
find their true loves and their true hearts so contained and the
joyous jump fest in their living room as body and mind and
future and day after tomorrow work out fine and they don't
have to face any more skinned knees or bruised shins, or heart
break because for example it is four thirty five on Jan. 2 and it
seems no one loves me and the snow in all its hearth and depth
and breadth that was to take me to new lands.

To lands beyond beneath or above, all of it is crushing me,
because it is exactly what I want it to be, and snow and cold
brings frigidity and gloom and dark and it in these freezing blue
rime elements of scoops of itself on fence posts and conicals of
itself on the roof and its eaves, in perfect reproduction on top
of whatever it covers, it brings a fire and fire melts and fire
warms and it feels so fretfully so fractiously so fecklessly good
and you are a traitor because you want to leave winter behind,
because you want to say adieu to your love and break the
Seine of its ice, and toss away poetry books and not care if
great art will ever come from your pen or your brush or your
heart, you want to be warm again and you want the sky to be
blue....

And love comes only to a very.....few.

The clock ticked down and the last bell of the day rang. The
students suddenly animated themselves and left like a shot,
corpses let out of the ground and hurrying with such tear
making  (in her, certainly not in them) deft firm footed
assurance back toward life where there was absolutely
everything, because they were there and where they were how
could there not be absolutely everything?

Miss Remembers sat by her desk for a time. The sounds of
them in her ears going already gone. The snow fell. The sky
grew darker and Melody punched Deidre in the left eye, or
Deidre punched Melody in the left or maybe the right eye,
perhaps her name was not that much of a joke after all, the age
that was on it and all; these girls who had brought each other
to rushing come with their tongues and their fingers who had
kissed and walked their fingers on the other's abdomens and to
the skillful conjunction of worn too big panties and then
underneath to their secret girl hoods that were caught with
time being in them and time made them devour each other
because time is a coward, the biggest coward in the whole
world, and that last night in the end of spring, going on two at
the morning, the concierge, an immeasurably old woman with
white thinning little bobs of hair--

-- and a heavy and thick cabbage smelling body, cold cream on
her face smeared, fat pink worm like unneeded curlers in that
hair in a vague attempt to make it more than it was please god
by morning, had stood at the bottom of the steps, and then had
lumbered up them one at a time, the girls caught in passionate
love making, their crotches hot and tight against each other,
their hands rubbing at each other's highly curvy butts.

Their lips locked into place each on the other, not hearing
pigwoman coming, not feeling her silent railing wrath up the
stairs in the dark up the stairs in the dark that the forgotten
moon rays revealed, further and further, they like a mad pianist
in that Peter Lorre movie, caught in the arpeggio of finding
time in each other and desperately fighting without knowing
they were so warring, wanting time to get to the other and stay
there and away from me because I cannot accept the terrible
burden of such a gift and I cannot accept the terrible burden of
you...

And the girls pinching each other's breasts and their heads now
back and their mouths open in ecstasy that was anything but
mock childhood play, and the old woman reached her scaly
hands down to their shoulders and they looked up at her like
the troll from under the bridge had finally got them, the lovers
by the bank of the river had been upended by the monster
unlocked by the silent quiet quick love of students on holiday
in the city of hopeful always 3 coins in the fountain love, and
one or the other girls; Melody remembered so it must have
been she, but she could not say if it was her or the other, or a
dream the other one remembered or that the other one planted
the memory or dream in her, Melody or Deidre; and they were
screaming, the little girls, locked like two dogs having sex in
the school yard while the teacher sprayed them with water
from the hose and the children laughed and laughed.

And the girls screamed and she pulled them up like sardines
who had escaped from the tin, like escargot that were trying to
sneak off the plate or off the griddle for they were still alive,
time had to keep them alive until it could find another host,
and the woman held naked girls in each hand and kicked on
their parents' doors and they were puppies held by the scruff of
the neck and trembling and pulling and trying to yank
themselves free, and squirmy and the concierge called their
parents' names and all over the floor, doors opened, lights
clicked on, and the embarrassment as time made a run for it
and the girls were free of it as they were right in its grasp more
than ever as a drunken man would sit in a pub and hold his
glass of red liqueur flowing more and more freely and he
drowning in the thing that was to free him but was not of him
and that was lament and salvation all in the same breath of hot
smelly flames that he tossed down to his stomach.

 That then belched the residue gasses out of his hoary mouth
that needed more and more sustenance of what was killing him
and twisting his head and muddling his brain and dying him as
he thought it was living him and in this he would not be totally
wrong.

And the girls glad they were caught. And each one blaming the
other. And the poke in the eye, and the parents and the talking
to all night and the pain and the shame ("oh how could you!
my precious little dear girl, oh my god, how could you?,
unbelievable!") and the tears and the glares and the stark bare
glare of lights and the unrepentant slimly painted green walls
and being bare with all these people staring right at them that
made them sexy feeling again, go figure, and Miss Remembers
sighed and broke out of her reverie, and her parents were long
dead and everybody moved from everybody.

 The girls  then went to different schools and words were never
mentioned about again though the slattern concierge had
looked hard and hot at the girls as they and their parents
departed the premises,  as each girl looked back at her and
then at each other angrily, and almost said thank you, but to
the concierge, not to each other; the flame had done its cruel
winter magic, or the winter magic had done its cruel flame
trick.

And it was over. And fleecy clouds of summer never seemed
like pillows you could ease down on and stretch out on
comfortably again.

Miss Remembers remembered for a time.  She put on her
heavy coat. Buttoned it up. Then she put her books and papers
in her satchel, closed it, felt the secure grain of the leather, got
up, turned out the lights, closed the door, walked down the
oily smelling hall, said good night to the crookbacked janitor
who was mopping the floor, and he scowled up at her greeting
as he always did and did not say a word. Miss Remembers
stepped into the night. She had made love to her class this last
30 minutes or so and she wished for all of them love and
Christmas heart's desire and wealth of colors and feelings and
burgundy wine as they winded their way through life, and no,
she would not tell them love was only for a few if even for that
many, for they would not believe her, except some would, like
Deidre and Melody and a few of their classmates had, and
perhaps it had been a teacher fulfilled promise, what occurred
from the offshoot of it, the terrible confusion, the horrible
mingling of love and fear and angst and haunted dreams that
she knew Deidre--

--Poor dear Deidre (how could she have had any kind of life
either?) dreamed too and the always pulling apart from each
other, even now, still pulling, like a wool sweater that will not
stop at all not for a minute until it totally unravels itself and
then it will find something else to unravel in its place.

She walked into the chilling wind in the already come night.
The wind cut her hands and face and almost toppled her over.
She took a moment before she could breathe the dagger air.
She dreaded the first lung full of it. How she had used to like
winter so. She no longer had the strength to fight back against
any of it. Fight back at what she once loved? When did this
change happen?

No, she would not tell her students what she had been told.
She already hated them because of her feelings this last forty
five minutes and she refused to let that happen again. Or let
time once more find a worm hole into the apple of whatever
heart she still had remaining.

Fuck, she thought, as she went to her car, her shoes ticking
hollowly on the pavement, and unlocked the door and got in to
its bleak dark tunnel; how cold everything was; had it ever
been colder?, she asked herself, turning on the car and the
heater; fuck, she thought, putting the car in gear, love.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 21: closet-surprise 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 1999 01:05:47 EDT
From: Chel299@aol.com
Subject: CLOSET SURPRISE (LESBIAN)

This happened last year.  My stepdaughter Jessie and I were home alone.  Her 
mother was working that Sunday.  I had let my stepson out to play and had 
promised the same for Jess as soon as she finished the days chores.   Well, 
soon enough she asked me to check out the kitchen, and since everything was 
fine I told her to get herself ready.  Let me tell you about Jess a little.  
She is half filipina and half white.  She is tall and lanky for age of 11, 
with a fine light brown skin that tans beautifully every summer.  She has 
high cheek bones and slightly almond shaped eyes surmounted by auburn hair 
and a pair of lips to die for.  Every time we go out, we always get 
compliments on her looks.  Mind you, I feel nothing sexual for my step 
daughter, only admiration.  
Well, after ten minutes she came down and was holding something to her waist. 
 I did not bother asking but I gave her a peck on the cheek and off she went. 
 About half an hour later I heard footfalls coming up the walkway and I 
suddenly got into a prankish mood!!  I ran up the stairs and dove into her 
closet, intending to scare the beejeezuz out of her when she walked in!
"Dad?"  she called.  "Daaad?" "Come on Chrissy, lets go to my room so I can 
show you!!"
Two victims I would have now!!!!  I heard them step into the room giggling 
and squealing.  
"Should we lock the door Jess?" Chrissy asked.
Now Chrissy is the girl who lives down the next block. Her and Jess had 
become friends that summer.  My family had grown used to her coming over 
frequently and asking if Jess could play.  She is one year younger than Jess 
but taller by at least two inches.  She is blonde, kinda boyish looking but 
she shows potential as she gets older.  Her build is slightly bigger than 
Jessie.  The thing that I notice the most on her are her eyes, brown and so 
big.  
"Yeah go ahead and then get on the bed so I can show you" Jess replied.
Having locked the door, Chrissy then jumped onto the bed.  Jess lay down on 
one end of her bed with her feet facing Chrissy's.  
"Okay, the first thing you have to  do is find your clit!" Jess said
"Your what!??" Chriss said with a surprised expression!
Prior to this conversation I had feared the worst.  I had thought they were 
going to break out the drugs or cigarettes.  Now I didnt know what to do, but 
I did notice my  cock was beginning to swell.....
"Look!" Jess said.  She then tugged on her shorts and off they went along 
with her panties.  She then spread her legs in front of her friend.  
"See that little ball there?" Asked Jess.
Her friend peered closer and said, "Okay, I see it."
"I start rubbing it and it feels real nice." my daughter said. "And if I keep 
it up, sometimes it gets really really wet".
With this Chris lay back and pushed her skort crotch to the side and now I 
got a look at her mound.  What they were doing for some unexplicable reason 
was turning me on immensely.  My cock was stiff as ANYTHING!!!!!!!
Fumbling with her fingers, Chriss probed and probed.  
"I dont think I can find it Jess!"
"I will help you, wait"  said Jess
Kneeling in front of her friend, Jess pushed her legs slightly apart.
"You should take off your clothes, it will be easier!"
Chris stood up and peeled off her skort and in doing so gave me, still in the 
closet, a perfect shot of her butt.  Resuming their position, I gasped as 
Jess reached out and started rubbing her friends little bud.  Chriss small 
mouth formed an O as Jess rubbed her.
"Do you like it?" My daughter asked
"It feels nice and warm!" Chriss said.
I noticed that Jess would stop rubbing it and that she would switch to 
running it along the whole length of her slit.  What was I doing at this time 
you might ask.  Well aside from being scared of being discovered I was turned 
on like I have never been turned on before.  It wasnt so much their bodies 
but it was what they were doing and how they were doing it that was driving 
me mad with passion!
"Can I try something Chris?" Jess asked
"I dont care as long as it doesnt hurt." 
Jess lowered her face clear down to Chriss's  slit and begin to lick her 
clit.  Slowly taking her time, clockwise and counter, then running it up and 
down her slit.
Chriss merely had this glazed look on her face and spread her legs even 
further.
"Thats even better Jessie...."
"You are really wet now Chrissy!" 
My cock was pulsing madly, I could tell I was ready to spray the inside of 
the closet!  I was nervous about being found out but I was so entralled by 
the sight of it all.
"My tongue and mouth are sore now Chris"  my daughter said
"Okay but can I try licking you?" 
At this point we heard her mother driving up the driveway, they quickly threw 
their clothes back on, frantic about possibly being caught.   And then it was 
all over.  They ran downstairs, I waited a moment and followed afterwards and 
made for my room and lay down.......
I wonder if it will happen again.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 22: coming-of-age 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 16 Jul 2003 15:26:42 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: Coming of Age (Young friends g/gf)

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between three girls.  If this type of content
offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded
for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you
wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author
for permission.

Copyright 2003 Jan, All Rights Reserved.

Please mail to janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future stories.


                             Coming of Age
                                  By
                                 Jan


	The Apple's were not a particularly religious family.  Mr.
Apple was a dam keeper for a rural town so they lived in the
mountains more than one hundred miles from where the water
was delivered.  Because the water was for municipal use it was
not used for any recreational purpose.  There was no
swimming, fishing or boating on the lake behind the dam and
the only access to the dam and lake was heavily gated.

	The couple only had the one daughter.  She was home
schooled.  The mountains blocked any TV and radio reception.
And her parents were very modest people.  Ann grew up a shy
introspective girl.  She looked a lot like her father in her
features.  She had dark brown hair that her mother cut into a
pageboy style.  She had a turned up button nose that gave her
oval face an impish look.  Her dark brown eyes sparkled with a
friendly wonder and her lips were full and formed a perfect
Cupid's bow.

	When she was nine years old her mother had an appendix
attack and had to be taken to the hospital for an operation.  It
was agreed that Ann and her mother would stay in town with
her mother's sister until she was well enough to return home.

	Ann's aunt and her husband were much older and their
children were married and living in other states.  There home
was on a farm at the edge of town.  Their nearest neighbors
were three other farms.  The four farmhouses were located at
the crossroads facing each other.  Only the newest family was
young enough to have children.  The rest of the homes were
occupies by older couples.  They had grown families that
worked in the fields all day.

	The younger family had two daughters.  The oldest was
Opal, a fourteen years old.  She was about five feet four inches
tall.  Her hair was auburn and her eyes were greenish brown.
She had breasts that were large enough to require a bra.  Her
slender figure added to the effect of her breasts.


	The youngest child was Rose, a ten year old.  Rose was
only an inch or two taller than Ann.  She also had auburn hair
too but her eyes were darker than her sister's.  These girls were
far more worldly than Ann.

	This was the first time Ann had a girl close to her age to
play with.  The two young girls became friends right away.  By
the second day, Rose asked Mrs. Apple if Ann could sleep over
at her house with her.

	Of course Mrs. Apple was happy that Ann had a young
friend to play with and gave her permission for Ann to stay.

	Rose and Ann spent the day playing outdoors.  The
mother of Opal and Rose made them a nice dinner.  As the
evening grew late Opal and Rose excused themselves to get
ready for bed.  Ann began to feel the need to use the toilet.  She
figured she could wait until her friends were finished but the
need became more urgent.

	She finally went to their bathroom door and knocked.
Opal asked who was there?  Ann said that she needed to use the
toilet.  Opal said to wait as second.

	Rose opened the door.  Ann saw her standing there,
naked dripping water.  She stepped back and let Ann enter
before she closed the door and locked it.  As Ann rushed to the
toilet and reached under her dress to pull her panties down,
Rose went back to the tub and stepped into it.

	As Ann let go with a splashing stream of pee she watched
as Rose settled between her sister's legs.  Opal picked up a bar
of soap and began lathering up the front of her sister.  She was
holding one of her little nipples between her thumb and
forefinger with one hand as the other hand went between the
legs of Rose under the soapy water.  Ann could not see what
she was doing but Rose must have liked it.  She closed her eyes
and moaned in her pleasure.  Opal asked Ann if she had ever
played with herself.

	Ann had no idea what she was asking.  She didn't even
know what to say.

	Opal stood up in the tub.  As water ran down her body
she stepped over her sister and sat back down in front of her.

	This was the first time Ann had ever seen an almost
grown woman naked before.  She had never seen the dark
triangle of pubic hair before.  It was quite a contrast from her
white skin.  Ann could not take her eyes off the sight of the
girl's breasts as Rose use the soap to wash her sister's tits.
They were no more that a B-cup but they were exotic to Ann.
The areolas were large brown circles and there were not much
of the nipples visible on them.  Rose used her fingers to play
with the nipples until they were as large as they would get.

	Rose used both hands to reach between her sister's legs
to play with the hairy garden.  Opal was begging her sister to
rub harder and faster.  In a short time she bit her lower lip and
grabbed the tub rail.  Opal turned her head and kissed Rose on
the mouth.

	Ann was fascinated and embarrassed at the same time.
She had finished peeing some time ago.  She finally wiped
herself and pulled up her panties as she stood up.  The girls
never even saw her pubis.  Ann left the room as the girls were
getting out of the tub to dry off.

	When it was bedtime the three of them went to their
bedroom.  The small room contained a wardrobe closet, one-
dresser and twin beds with a nightstand between them.

	Opal and Rose took their clothes off and got under the
covers.  Ann had never seen anyone naked before.  She had
always slept in nighties.  She had a light summer one in pink
and a blue flannel for winter.  She had the pink one with her.
She turned her back so that the girls could not see her body as
she changed.

	When she turned around Rose was holding her blanket up
to allow Ann to lay next to her.  As she got under the covers
Rose let the blanket drop and pulled Ann closer to her naked
body.

	Opal reached over and turned off the light.  She said,
"Don't do anything I wouldn't do!"  She laughed at her own
joke.

	Rose was rubbing Ann's body with her hand.  Ann
wanted to ask what she was doing and turned over to face her
new friend.  Rose kissed her on the mouth before she could say
anything.

	Ann had never been kissed like that before.  Rose
covered her mouth with her own and forced her tongue between
her lips.  It took her breath away.  Rose continued the kiss as
she reached between Ann's legs and pulled the nightie up.  She
found the smooth little pubis and as she slid a finger between
the wet crack she stroked the girl.  When the finger touched the
clit for the first time it was like an electrical shock shooting
through Ann's body.  She almost fell out of bed.

	Rose had to pull her back close to her.  Ann was almost
crying as she had her first climax.  When Ann's heart stopped
pounding Rose took hold of Ann's wrist and pulled her hand
between her legs.  Ann sought out the hairless crack and started
rubbing her.  Rose wanted more than just having her clit
rubbed.  When Ann straightened out her finger Rose shoved her
hand forward until the finger was all the way up inside her wet
cunt.

	Ann had never even known that there was a hole there
big enough for anything but pee to come out of.  When Rose
climaxed she closed her legs around the hand so tightly that
Ann thought she was going to break her wrist.  After Rose
relaxed she rolled Ann over until her back was to her so that she
could cuddle her and play with Ann's pussy.

	The moonlight streaming in the window filled the room
with a blue light.  The two younger girls could see Opal kick
her covers off and as she lay on her back she bent her knees and
stuffed a couple of fingers into her cunt.  Ann could even smell
her cunt juice.  Rose had been masturbating her slowly as the
watched.  As Opal approached her climax and her breathing
grew fast and short breaths Rose increased the speed of her
masturbation on Ann.  Ann could not even be sure if the sound
of heavy breathing was coming from Opal or herself.

	Ann could not begin to put into words the questions she
wanted to ask.  She was soon soundly asleep.

	The next day Opal and Rose showed Ann their
playhouse.  Behind the farmhouse were other structures.  There
was a large garage for cars, trucks and farm equipment.  There
was a large hay barn with the typical three rooflines.  One for
the hayloft and one on either side to cover the horse stalls.
Attached to the backside of the barn were some shed roofed
chicken coops.  The girls had cleaned out one of the coops and
laid a piece of linoleum flooring they had moved in some old
furniture and an old vacuum tube radio.  They had hung drapes
to make it more private.  They also had an ice chest to which
they brought out some food and ice tea.

	When they were happy with the set up Opal and Rose
fluffed up some pillows on the ground and invited Ann to have
a seat.  They sat on either side of Ann and asked her if she
enjoyed what Rose did to her last night.

	Ann was embarrassed but she did admit that it felt good.
She told them that she had never done anything like that before.
The girl's wanted to know why.  Ann told them that she lived at
the city water reservoir.  She had never had anyone her age to
play with.

	Opal told Rose to take her clothes off.  Rose stood up and
did a little striptease for them.  It was a very short dance
because all she had on was a cotton dress and cotton panties.
Then Opal stood up and removes her clothes.  The only extra
garment she had on was a simple cotton bra.

	Again Opal's breasts and pubic hair intrigued Ann.  As
Rose sat back down next to her, Opal stepped in front of her.

	Opal bent over and kissed Ann on the mouth as she took
hold of her hands and placed them on her breasts. She told Ann
that she just loved to have her breasts played with.  She
straddled Ann's legs so that Ann could be fed one of her
nipples.  Ann eagerly sucked on the large areolas.  There was
almost more brown area than her mouth could cover.

	When Opal stood up and showed her pussy to Ann the
girl could not resist touching the coiled tangle of reddish-brown
hair.  It tickled the palm of her hand.  Opal used both her hands
to part her labia exposing the pink folds inside.  This was the
first time Ann had ever seen what a cunt looked like.

	When she admitted that she had never seen one before
Opal looked around and found a glass tube meant as a single
flower vase.  She stuffed it into her cunt and let Ann look inside
her cunt.  Opal gave her a clinical explanation about what it was
and what it was for.  She added that she loved it when a girl
kissed her there.

	She pulled the tube out and shoved her cunt at Ann's
face.  Ann smelled the wet meaty odor of Opal's cunt and
kissed it tenderly.  Opal instructed her to lick it so she extended
her tongue to touch Opal's clit causing her to jerk a little.  The
velvety feeling of the inside of her cunt had Ann feeling like
she never wanted to stop probing Opal's love hole.  She pressed
her lips tightly against the slit and her tongue darted in and out
of the warm hole at will as her nose rubbed against Opal's
swollen clit.

	Rose was pulling up Ann's dress and pulled her panties
away from her body so she could put her hand inside.  Ann
didn't even care what happened to the panties.  She just did not
want to let go of the cunt.

	It was Opal that took hold of Ann's shoulders and
lowered her to the pillows without causing Ann's mouth leave
her cunt.  With Ann on her back Rose pulled her panties off her
legs.  They were stretched out of shape and were wet in the
crotch.  Rose began licking her pussy like a pro, reducing Ann
to a quivering bowl of Jell-O in no time.

	They took Ann's dress off as they changed places.  Opal
took her time sucking Ann's pussy.  She slowly brought her
back up to the peek of sexual arousal.  When Ann was kicking
her legs in the air like a bronco rider.  Without warning Opal
shoved her index finger up Ann's cunt and broke her hymen in
one swift motion.  The quick stabbing pain was over as fast as
she felt it.  When Opal removed her finger, they both looked
down and saw the thin blood on her finger and the watery blood
dripping out of her cunt.

	Ann thought something was wrong until Opal told her
that it was normal.  She had just lost her cherry.  With that Opal
sucked her finger and put her mouth on Ann's cunt and lapped
up all of the blood.  She used two fingers to masturbate Ann
until she reached the heights of arousal again and then as she
kissed her on the mouth she brought Ann to another climax.

	The week of sexual exploration opened a New World for
Ann.  She was never the same again.  She was not able to live
the life of a hermit anymore.  She begged to be allowed to go to
a boarding school or something.

	Finally her parents agreed and she was allowed to move
in with her Aunt and Uncle.  Because of the difference in her
age she was not in the same class with Rose but after a short
time in school, because her home schooling had been at her
own pace, she was advanced a couple of grades in school.  She
may have been physically smaller that her classmates but
intellectually she was more mature than most of them.

	Because of her classroom skill she was a welcome guest
in the home of many of her classmates. Ann soon had a lot of
girls that she was having sex with and the parties with Opal and
Rose were great.


I hope you enjoyed the story and have a story you would like
told please send your mail to janmay699@icqmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 23: courtney 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 11 Jun 2009 14:54:48 -0700 (PDT)
From: kscutie69@yahoo.com
Subject: Courtney

All the eighth graders were so happy as they left the gym one by one with
their parents. They were exiting the graduation party put on by their
school to celebrate the student's graduation from eighth grade. Now it was
time for the real parties. Since they were in the eighth grade there
wouldn't be any crazy drunken coed parties, but there was one group of
girls that was about to have a night they would never, ever forget.

This group consisted of Hailey, Paige, Jordan, and Courtney.  These girls
would all go to Courtney's house after saying goodbye to all their friends
and relatives who came to see them.


Courtney's parents had gone to her graduation but had to hurry soon after
the ceremony was over to get to one of their son's baseball games out of
town. They would be spending the night out of town and were expecting
Courtney to stay at a friend's house to celebrate her graduation.


Well Courtney had other plans. Other plans indeed.

Before I continue I think I should give you a brief description of these
girls. I'll start with Courtney usually the ring leader of the group of the
popular girls at her school, and could sometimes be described as a
bitch. She had beautiful long wavy blond hair with big blue eyes. She was a
little fuller than the rest of the girls, but most people, including me
wouldn't call her chubby. For her age (13) she had the nicest tits you
could ask for big, round and perky. Her fuller figure also led to her big,
round butt and juicy thighs that would make any man or woman salivate.


Next I'll introduce you to Jordan, Courtney's right hand bitch. Jordan was
a couple inches taller than Courtney and defiantly not as tan. Her breasts
were not as developed as Courtney's but were very firm and perky. Being
quite tall (like 5'9) and very skinny, she had the longest legs that led up
to a very firm behind. She also had long dark hair that was as straight as
she was (or so she thought).


The next girl in the clique is Hailey. Hailey was somewhat shy around new
people but around her friends she was as just as crazy as Courtney and
Jordan. She was also very tall and skinny. Her body type was very similar
to Jordan's. Her skin tone however, was very different. She was half black,
half Mexican. She was the only non-white member of the group. Despite
having a similar body type to Jordan, tall and skinny, Hailey had a much
larger butt and more developed breasts, but still trailed Courtney in those
departments. She had shoulder length dark hair and very cute braces
complimenting her big pouty lips.


The final girl spending the night at Courtney's is Paige.  Paige was very
shy around new people too, but unlike Hailey she was still quiet around her
friends not because she was shy around them too but just because she was a
very quiet person by nature. She was very fragile looking but was also the
cutest girl in the group and I'll tell you why. She had dazzling shoulder
length blond hair complemented by the most angelic blue eyes. Although she
was the youngest girl there at age 12(very smart got moved up a grade) she
still had developed some very cute, firm breasts. She had skinny little
legs leading up to her most spectacular part of her body, her butt. I
cannot describe to you how unbelievably sexy her cute little butt is, while
it's small it is symmetrical beyond belief.  And the best part is how soft
it is, the one time I grabbed it, it was soft and firm at the same
time. It's just so... I just can't do it justice by describing it so I'll
get back to my story.


After all the girls arrived the girls all changed into their
swimsuits. Courtney into a tiny baby blue one that rode up her nice big
butt and showed a lot of cheek, Hailey into a white one where her nipples
were clearly visible, even before it got wet, Jordan into a hot little
black one, and Paige into the cutest little pink bikini you have ever seen.


The girls then proceeded to get into Courtney's hot tub in her back yard
where they would have some privacy. For about an hour the girls talked
about their eighth grade memories and what they though high school would be
like until the topic of drinking in high school came up.


"I don't know if I'll want to drink at parties next year especially if I've
never tried it before I'd probably do something stupid like have sex with a
guy I don't even know," said Paige.

This coming from quiet innocent Paige shocked the girls and left them
speechless until Courtney said "Well I don't know if you guys wanna try it
tonight or not but a couple weeks ago my parents and their friends got
really drunk at our house, so when they weren't looking I stole a 12 pack
of beer."


Courtney looked around the hot tub and Jordan and Hailey seemed to be
considering this and were probably going to agree until once again the
usually quiet Paige said "I don't know, I don't think I ever want to get
drunk until I'm a lot older."


Courtney really wanted to try it and saw that this was making Hailey and
Jordan reconsider, and she sure didn't want to do it alone so she did the
only thing she could think to do, she lied. "When I asked my brother how
many of those beers I would need to drink to get drunk he said anywhere
from six of them to the whole twelve pack," Courtney said so convincingly
she almost believed herself.


That lie was enough to make all of them, even Paige agree; tonight they
would drink alcohol for the first time. They all went inside to Courtney's
room and watched as she grabbed the cardboard box from under her bed. She
opened it and inside sat 12 cans of bud light. All four of them stared in
awe of it. "So 12 cans and four of us that means we each get three.." said
Jordan who had now shook all her doubts about it and was ready to try it.


So the four girls grabbed their three cans and returned to the hot tub to
begin their new experience. Each girl had an unopened can of beer in her
hand and the rest were on the deck by the hot tub. "Alright let's open
these bitches." Said Hailey who also had gotten over her nervousness and
was ready to drink.


All four girls opened their cans and looked around, "Is no one gonna
drink?" asked Courtney who got ready to take a sip.


"No wait," said Jordan, "let's do a toast or whatever you call it."


 "Ya let's do that."  agreed Paige.


"Ok but to what?" Hailey asked.


"To good times in eighth grade," Courtney said as she raised her can, "and
to better times in high school!" After saying this Courtney took a big swig
of her beer, and then watched as the rest of the girls took gulps of
theirs. The chatting continued as the girls talked about the hottest boys
in their class and the even hotter ones at their new high school, and in no
time at all the girls had drank their whole can. Courtney finished first,
then Hailey, then Jordan, and finally Paige.


"Everyone down for another one?" Courtney asked sweetly knowing she and all
of her friends were about to be wasted. All three girls nodded and Courtney
got out of the hot tub and walked towards the now 8 cans of beer. As she
bent over to pick them up all three girls couldn't help but stare.



"Nice ass!" joked Jordan trying to cover up mixed feelings about her
attractive friend. They all laughed as Courtney returned and handed her
friends each a can.


"Well it's nice but have you seen Paige's cute little butt?"  said Courtney
partly joking, partly complementing, and partly hoping it would start some
provocative conversation.

Hailey and Jordan both agreed, and Hailey said "Paige I would kill for your
butt, have you seen how the guys at school just stare at it all day long?"


"Ya I have," said Jordan, "the same way they stare at your and Courtney's
tits."


"Well mine are ok but honestly it's really Courtney's tits, I mean look at
those things they are huge!" exclaimed Hailey as she threw her now empty
can aside and jokingly fondled Courtney's huge 13 year old tits for a long
time. A long enough time for both Courtney and Hailey to realize she wasn't
joking and that they both liked it. They stared into each other's eyes for
a couple seconds until Paige broke the silence.


"You guys ok?" she asked.


"Ya were, uhh, fine." muttered Hailey still staring into Courtney's big
blue eyes. As she said this Courtney's hand met hers under water. Hailey
knew exactly what Courtney wanted her to do next. "I, uh, got to go to the
bathroom. Where's it uhm, at Courtney?" she asked still playing with her
hand underwater.


"Oh, uhm, I'll uhm show you, come on." Courtney said as she got of the
water letting go of Hailey's hand so the other two girls couldn't
see. Hailey got out and followed, and it was now obvious to both the girls
stumbling towards the house with lust in their hearts, and the two girls
giggling in the hot tub that they were all extremely drunk.


As soon as the two girls arrived inside Courtney shut the door and got to
work. The first thing she did was grab Hailey's hands and put them right on
her wet breasts. Hailey began to work her fingers around Courtney's wet
bikini covered breasts. Courtney slowly let her head tilt back and began
letting out soft moans. "Ahh, yes, right there Hailey." moaned Courtney.
Hailey soon began to untie Courtney's bikini top and once she had
accomplished this task she let it drop to the floor. For a moment Hailey
just stopped and stared at Courtney's amazing 13 year old breasts.


Courtney's breasts were worth taking the time to stare at.  They were big,
round, tan, and best of all wet. "Why did you stop that felt soooo good?"
Courtney said licking her lips.

"Oh, sorry, it's just you have the best boobs I have ever seen, seriously
the best." Hailey said as she continued to stare.


"Well," said Courtney in her best sexy voice, "Yours are pretty good
too. Would you..." Before Courtney could finish her sentence Hailey grabbed
Courtney's hands and moved them onto her own breasts. Courtney had felt her
own breasts many times while she touched herself but now experiencing the
firmness of Hailey's perky tits sent her to another world. She spent very
little time fondling them before she untied Hailey's top and let it fall to
the floor. Courtney began to gently massage Hailey's firm tit's paying
extra attention to her light brown nipples.


Hailey had been breathing heavily and even moaned softly once or twice
while Courtney played with her breasts but when Courtney started playing
with her nipples Hailey let out a shriek of pleasure, "Ahhhh!! Oh my god
please don't stop.. Ahh! Courtney... Ahh!" Hailey couldn't control herself
she was moaning so loud in her drunken pleasure. Of course Courtney didn't
care, it was actually turning her on.


Without even asking Courtney began to suck on Hailey's firm brown
breasts. She flicked her tongue all over Hailey's tits but made sure most
of her time was spent on her very, very sensitive nipples. "Ahh, Oh God,
Mhmm, right there Court, do NOT stop!" Hailey was now literally screaming
and to her surprise the "fully" clothed Jordan and Paige walked in.

"Oh my god!" Jordan screamed.




"What were just playing with each other's tits." Courtney giggled
innocently. "You wanna join us?" Jordan and Paige looked at each other than
back at Courtney who was already sucking on Hailey's tits again.


"Mhmm, Come on you two...ahhh, take your... oh Courtney, tops off, mhmmmm!"
Hailey moaned as Courtney continued to flick her nipples with her
tongue. Paige and Jordan continued to stare, but they walked over to the
two topless girls.


Courtney finally stopped her assault on Hailey's nipples, looked over at
Paige and Jordan and said "I'll take Jordan, you take Paige, ok Hailey?"


"K sounds good Court." Hailey said excitedly. Come here Paige you freaking
cutie!"

Paige slowly walked over to Hailey, as she did she untied her cute little
top. As it dropped to the floor all the other three girls could do is gasp
as the perfect little boobs with the tiniest pink nipples bounced as she
walked over to Hailey. Hailey began to massage her breasts, remembering to
pay extra attention to the 12 year olds tiny nipples. After a minute or so
she began to lick her pink little nipples.


"OOhhh my God that feels so good Haillllley, don't' stooooop." cried
Paige. She watched as Hailey continued to suck on her nipples.  Jordan and
Courtney had only been watching these events unfold when Courtney said
"Jordan, I didn't do this with Hailey, but do you wanna try kissing, I
heard kissing girls is a lot better because they have softer..."

Before she could finish, Jordan pulled her in, wrapped her arms around her
and began kissing Courtney much more passionately than she had ever done
with a boy. After a couple seconds of this Courtney responded by adding
some tongue in the kiss, and also began to untie Jordan's top.


After Courtney got Jordan's top off she began to massage Jordan's breasts
while they kissed. Jordan began moaning in their kiss. Courtney then broke
the kiss and began to lick Jordan's small dark nipples which provided great
contrast to her pale skin. "Ohhh, mmyyy God, mhhm, that feels sooo good
Court!"


Courtney then stopped licking her nipples and whispered this in Jordan's
ear, "Oh ya, well then I bet this feels even better." Courtney then slipped
her hand into Jordan's bikini bottom and began to finger her. Courtney
noticed that Jordan shaved her pussy just like she did. Courtney could feel
how wet Jordan was and knew this meant just like when she was wet that
Jordan was very horny. As she continued to finger her they began to
make-out again and Courtney gently led Jordan's finger into her bikini so
Jordan could do the same for her.

Both girls began to moan loudly which interrupted their kissing, so
Courtney broke the kiss removed her hand from Jordan's wet pussy and bent
down to untie Jordan's bikini at the hips, when she had finished it just
slid down Jordan's long, slender legs until it hit the floor.

Jordan was now standing there completely naked. Courtney then untied her
own and grabbed Jordan by the hand and led her to a chair. She had Jordan
sit down on the chair. Courtney then began to kiss her best friend again,
broke the kiss, and then began to finger her friend at a furious pace. "Ohh
yaa, just like that, Ooh, that's perfect, oooh goddd, slooow dddown, uhhh,
uhh, I think I'mm, gonnna, ahhhhh." Were the sounds Jordan made before she
came on her best friend's hand.


"Look at this," Courtney said showing Jordan most of her cum on her
hand. Courtney then licked her hand clean finger by finger. "That is soooo
good!" Courtney exclaimed.

"Well then, now its your turn," Jordan said as she stood up and pushed
Courtney into the chair. "Except with you, I'm not gonna finger you, I'm
gonna lick your pussy until you cum in my mouth," Jordan said in a very
dark tone.


Jordan began to lick Courtney's tight pussy and it didn't take her long to
find the rhythm Courtney liked. "Ohh ya Jordan, I like that, that feels
sooo good, go fasster, fassssster, ohh , sloowww dowwwn, uhhh, uhhh, here
it comes, uhhhhh," Courtney shrieked as she came right on Jordan's tongue.


Courtney was shaking as she said, "Oh, my god Jordan that felt soooo
incredible, do I taste good?"


"Here, I'll show you," Jordan said as she sat on Courtney's lap in the
chair and the two began to kiss again while Jordan still had Courtney's cum
in her mouth. After the two girls had gotten all of Courtney's cum down
their throats, they ended the kiss and looked over at Hailey and Paige
completely naked on the fingering themselves the whole time Jordan and
Courtney had been making each other cum.


"We put on a show for you now you gotta put on a show for us," said Jordan
as she wiped some cum off her cheek.


Hailey and Paige looked at each other and then at Jordan still on
Courtney's lap, and then at Courtney who was stoking Jordan's hair and then
back at each other and they both nodded. They began making out sitting on
the floor, then Paige pushed Hailey onto her back as they continued the
kiss with an obvious amount of tongue. They both fingered the other as soft
sighs quickly became loud moans.


Hailey then flipped around so her head was between Paige's legs, and
Paige's head was between hers, the classic 69 position. "Ohh, yaaa, oh
Hailey, ahhh, fassster, oh ya, Paige yessss, oh I'm gonna, uhhh, me uhhh
too!" Were the sounds that escaped the two young girl's crotches as they
came almost in unison. When the two had lapped up all the cum they could,
they sat up looked at each other and began a very sexy cum swapping kiss.

Hailey broke the kiss and tried to swallow all the cum but she still ended
up spitting some out on the floor. Paige however, swallowed every drop of
cum in her mouth, some was Hailey's, and some was hers.


Courtney then led all four of the girl's up to her room where they showered
together, dried off and all climbed into Courtney's bed naked and
exhausted.


THE END

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 24: danielle-and-stephanie 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2006 23:13:59 -0600
From: Hawkeye Pierce <nsrhl@hotmail.com>
Subject: Danielle and Stephanie

	Thirteen year old Danielle sat in her bus seat. She couldn't get off her mind her
best friend, Stephanie. She couldn't believe that she was falling helplessly
in love with the brown-haired, 5'0, 13-year-old girl who wore a B32 sized
bra. She wasn't all that bigger. Danielle stood 5'1, with dirty blonde hair
and wore an A36 bra. Danielle and Stephanie met at school, and started
chatting about any random thing. The day went by fast. Both girls had
English as their last class. Danielle walked in, as usual, and sat in her
regular seat. Stephanie ran in and grabbed Danielle's bra and SNAP! Danielle
looked behind her and found Stephanie laughing extremely hard. She scowled,
then winked as she felt herself become the slightest bit wet. Stephanie also
felt her baby blue panties become a little wet, too. Steph then unzipped her
jeans ever so slowly, so no one would notice. No one did, so she continued
until she had in down all the way. Every now and then, she'd glance down and
pull the two halves farther apart. Each time, Steph could more of her baby
blue panties, and a bigger wet spot. She wasn't concerned, because she had
on her belt, which kept her jeans on even if the button was undone.
	Meanwhile, Danielle, during the previous break, had completely removed her
panties. She had to be even more careful, because since Steph had snapped
her bra, her jeans had showed the smallest wet spot. Danielle first unzipped
her jeans, then slowly and quietly undid her jeans button. She wasn't
worrying, though. Danielle had her belt on, so no one would notice. English
ended, and everyone pushed, shoved and jammed their way to their respective
lockers.
	That night, Steph and Danielle were talking on the phone, and they decided
to have a sleep over at Danielle's house. Since both their parents weren't
home from that night until Tuesday, Danielle agreed. Danielle then started
planning for the next night. That night, she showered, paying close
attention to the brown mound of hair around her pussy, trimming it just
right, then pleasing herself with her blue dildo. Danielle then planned out
how she was going to tell Steph about how much she loved her friend. She got
her PJ's on and went to bed.
	The next day came, and Steph was so happy. For you see, she had her own
crush on her friend. Steph would please herself to a picture of her hot
friend every night. Steph had on a T-shirt, shorts, blue bra and white
panties. Steph ambled around her house all day; she was that excited to go.
She was also deciding on how to tell her sexy friend, Danielle, how much she
loved her and wanted her. Every now and then, Steph would rub her pussy,
just because she liked walking around feeling wet. The time finally came
when she would go out to Danielle's place.
	After her brother dropped off Steph, both girls decided to go and play
outside for awhile. Steph couldn't stop staring at her friend, who had on a
white tank top, white bra, short shorts and white panties on. The first
thing they did was jump on Danielle's trampoline. Soon, both girls were
sweating and were extremely warm.
	"Hey, Steph," asked Danielle, "mind if I take off my top?" Steph looked at
the girl and licked her lips.
	"No, go for it," replied Steph. Danielle pulled off the sweat soaked top
and revealed her white bra. It was soaked, as well. Her breasts were fully
visible through her bra and her nipples were rock hard. All Steph could do
was stare. Danielle moved closer to Steph and put her lips against her
friend's. As they pulled away, Danielle pulled on Steph's shirt, signaling
that she should take off her shirt, too. Steph caught the hint, and pulled
off her T-shirt, revealing her own blue bra. Steph also pulled down her
shorts, and stepped out of them.
	"Why don't we continue this in my room?" asked Danielle. Steph nodded and
they collected their clothing. Danielle raced into the house, into her room,
grabbed her dildo in the drawer, and hid it behind her clock radio. Steph
walked into Danielle's room and she saw her friend sitting on the bed.
	"Danielle, there's something I want to tell you. I always been watching
you, dreaming about you and had a crush on you," said Steph, as she walked
over to Danielle and sat down beside her. "I love you."
	"I've had a crush on you too, Steph," replied Danielle. " I've always
wanted you." With that, Danielle undid her bra. She stood up and pulled her
panties down. Danielle stepped out of them and pulled Steph up onto her
feet. She undid her friend's bra and pulled down her panties. Danielle
stepped back.
	"God, that is a hot body," said Danielle.
	"You have a sexy body, too," replied Steph. She stepped out of her panties
and laid down on the bed. Danielle immediately got on top of her and started
kissing. She slowly moves down her friend's body until she reaches Steph's
breasts. She gently sucked on her friend's nipples as Steph quietly moaned a
few times. Danielle moved down the girl's body until she reached her virgin
trimmed pussy.
	"I didn't realized you trimmed it," remarked Danielle, as she started
tracing little circles around Steph's now wet cunt. This produced louder
moans from Steph.  Danielle slowly inserted one, then two fingers into
Steph's pussy and rotated them. She moved them in and out, while rotating
them a little faster. Steph moaned a little louder then before, as she
grabbed the bedding. Danielle pumped her fingers faster and faster, and
Steph started to breathe faster as she moaned her friend's name louder and
louder. Danielle removed her fingers and started tracing circles again, this
time with her tongue. Before she could start eating her friend, Steph bucked
her hips into Danielle's face and orgasmed hard. Danielle licked her own
finger, made a disgusting look at it, then continued licking up all Steph's
juices.
	After Steph recovered, she got up and noticed her friend's blue dildo
behind the clock radio. She grabbed it and hid it in a good spot, but close
to her side. This spot was her own pussy. Danielle lay down on her bed and
spread her legs wide open.
	"Your pussy looks hot with that trim job," exclaimed Steph.
	"I know, I did it just for you," replied Danielle, as she winked at her
friend. Steph slowly inserted her fingers into Danielle's virgin cunt and
worked her fingers around. Danielle started moaning softly as Steph
continued to work her friend's pussy. Steph pulled her fingers out, and
grabbed the dildo still in her own pussy. She slowly inserted the toy into
Danielle's wet cunt and worked it in and out. Danielle started to breathe
harder as she moaned louder and louder. Steph pulled the toy back out and
started licking her friend's pussy. This sent Danielle over the edge as she
orgasmed huge amounts of her juices onto Steph's face.
	She ate all she could, although she couldn't stand the taste at first.
After she was done, Steph crawled on top of Danielle and positioned herself
so they were in the 69 position. Danielle almost went over the edge again at
the sight of her friend's pussy just waiting to be eaten out. She dug into
Steph's pussy, without warning to her friend. Danielle licked and fingered
the girl's pussy as orgasm after orgasm came over Steph. She finally
stopped, and rolled Steph's limp body off her own. Danielle then got on top
of her friend's body, with her pussy right in Steph's face.
	"Give...me...a minute," panted Steph, her little body still shaking from all
the orgasms she endured.
	"Don't worry, take all the time you need," replied Danielle, as she waited
for her friend to recover from the many orgasms she made Steph have. Steph
then grabbed the dildo lying near her head and slowly started to insert it
into Danielle's dripping wet pussy. Danielle moaned loudly as Steph worked
the toy in as far as it went, then nearly out, then back in. She orgasmed
hard and she orgasmed several more times before Steph finally pulled the toy
out. Steph rolled Danielle off her, sat on the edge of the bed and looked at
the clock. It said 2:30 AM. Steph covered her friend up, because she was
already sleeping, and crawled naked into her sleeping bag and fell fast
asleep.

Part 2 hopefully coming real soon.
Comments? Give me a buzz at NSRHL@hotmail.com

Copyright 2006 Pierce Enterprises

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 25: daphne 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 29 Mar 2017 16:33:27 +0000 (UTC)
From: Jan None <janmay696@yahoo.com>
Subject: Daphne (Lesbian/Beginnings, oral, g/g)

Beginnings, oral, g/g

This story is a work of fiction and contains
descriptions of explicit sexual acts between a young
girl and older women.  If this type of content offends
you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

Copyright 2017 Jan, All rights reserved

Please mail to janmay696@yahoo.com if you have any
suggestions for a future story.

                        Daphne

                          By
                         Jan

      I grew up in a small Midwestern town of
approximately 60,000 people during the sixties and
seventies.  The town supported agricultural business
with trucking, slaughter houses, feed stores and light
manufacturing.  It was the kind of small town that is
almost exclusively white.  There are migrant workers
during the harvest season.  Otherwise everyone tend
to know all of the families in town.  They consider
themselves good Americans by flying the American
flag on the fourth of July.

      As a young girl in this town as a child the boys
don't mind a girl willing to play sports with them until
they reach puberty.  Suddenly a girl that can compete
in any sport with the best them is looked upon with
suspicion.  When a girl like me grows up to be over
six-feet tall the boys are reluctant to date anyone
that has to look down on them.

      My parents named me Daphne.  I don't even think
my parents knew that the name was the Greek name
of Peneus' daughter or the Greek word for laurel.  I
grew up like a weed.  My closest friend was named
Francine.  We met each other in kindergarten.  The
summer between our fourth and fifth grades and we
were 10-years-old we discovered that we enjoyed
mutual masturbation and oral sex.  I developed sooner
than Francine, by that age I was already a C-cup.
Because of my early development boys had a strong
interest in dating me until I grew taller than them.  I
had no sexual interest in them for the most part.  Of
course Francine and I had to keep our sexual
activities on the down and low.  The possibility of
being caught added to the excitement, at least for
me.

      Francine was a brunette with brown eyes, of
course she was a lot shorted than me.  I have auburn
hair with blue eyes.  I was always very taller than my
classmates, and by the time I reached adulthood I
was six-foot two, and a 48-D bust-line.

      We joined the Girl Scouts together and the girls'
softball team.  We rarely did anything separately.  It
wasn't the same without her.

      (Francine was just starting to wear a B cup bra.)

      Our parents allowed us to have sleepovers, and we
would satisfy each other's sexual needs on those
occasions.  One time my parents were out of town,
Francine was spending the night with me.  Come
bedtime we had just finished our baths, and I caught
her ogling my breasts.  I told her, "Don't worry you're
coming along just fine."

      She said, "Your boobs are beautiful!" and grabbed
my tits and kissed me passionately.  The kiss
affected me by making my puffy nipples very
sensitive, and my pussy got very wet and tingly.
Francine pushed me back on to my bed and continued
kissing me.  She poked her tongue into my mouth,
while massaging my breasts, rolling and pinching my
nipples made my nipples ultra-sensitive.  I just had to
do the same thing to her.

      We wrapped our legs around each other and
started rubbing our wet pussies against each other's
thigh.  It wasn't long before we were squirming
around until we were rubbing clit to clit, and Francine
sucked on my puffy nipples.  It wasn't long before I
experience an orgasm and Francine also started
having an orgasm too.  We burst into tears in a
blissful afterglow.  We made love several times that
night by fingering and sucking each other's pussy
before sleep overtook us.

      Eventually we turned our friends Mary and Stacy
onto the pleasures of lesbian oral sex.

      When I was twelve I talked my parents into
letting me get a job delivering newspapers. The
newspaper had an opening in my neighborhood for a
delivery person for their afternoon edition and I
applied for that opening the circulation manager was
hesitant to give the job to a girl.

(This was the late sixties and I was the first girl to
have a paper route in our town.)

      I wore my auburn hair shoulder length and in a
ponytail most of the time.  By that time I had
developed breasts that were almost a D-cup.  I did
draw the attention of males while riding my bicycle
around town.

      I would get home from school and pick up 62
newspapers that I would have to stuff sales ads and
fold them before delivering them by 6:00 pm.  I did a
god job and enjoyed the extra money I had to spend.
Francine would ride along with me and that made it
even more enjoyable.

      My job included me collecting subscriptions the
first Saturday of every month.  I would make my
collection rounds in the morning.

      The two houses I like to visit while collecting
from were; first was the home of a divorced blonde
woman with a nice figure in her mid-twenties named
Karen.  She had two toddles.  Talking to her made my
nipples tingle and my pussy moisten.  The second
woman was a raven-haired housewife in her late
forties.  Her makeup was always emasculate and
dressed to the nines making her stunningly attractive.
Her name was Mrs. Livingston, and she eventually
asked me to call her Elaine.

      Among my other customers on my route were
some duplex houses where there were eight of them
were young couples with small children.  The ninth one
was a woman in her early thirties.  She wore her
blonde hair cropped short and was usually wearing
blue jeans, T-shirt or a flannel shirt and cowboy
boots.

      I found out she drove a truck and her name was
Rhonda, but preferred to be called Rhon.  It was not
uncommon that there would be different woman
there on Saturday mornings.  It didn't take much
imagination for me to assume that she was a dyke.

      One hot summer Saturday morning when my
parents were out of town visiting relatives, I was
making my collections as usual.  When I reached
Rhon's place she was always nice to me, but this time
she invited me in while she looked for her wallet.  She
even asked me to stay awhile to talk to her.  She
offered me something to drink, and I declined.  She
also complimented me on how nice I looked.

      I was only wearing a spaghetti strap top, cut-off
jeans and my hair was pulled back in a ponytail as
usual.  I was still feeling the effects of having visited
Karen and Mrs. Livingston.  Both of them had been
dressed appropriately for the heat, and they had
made me horny.

      Rhon went to kitchenette to get a beer, while I
cooled off standing in front of the widow air-
conditioner.  When she returned with her beer she
sat on her couch and insisted that I join her.  She
told me that she had finally gotten a job driving a
Simi-truck and would be on the road a lot, and would I
like to keep an eye on her place for her.  She wanted
me to bring in her mail and mow the small lawn out
front and clean up the place as needed.

      I couldn't refuse because I would make as much
money looking after her place as I would in a month
delivering newspapers.

      I was provided with a key.  That gave Francine
and I a place to have sex with each other, sometimes
we invited Mary and Stacy to join us.  Life was good
for the young lesbian I had become.

      Sometime later I was tidying up her place, and
doing the dishes because I had been neglecting to do
that at Rhon's place, because she was due home the
next day.  As usual I was in spaghetti-strap top,
shorts and tennis shoes.

      Rhon walked in on me while I was putting the
dishes away, and she told me to order a pizza while
she cleaned up.  She said that she smelled like a goat
after being in the same clothes for three days.

      I called my parents to tell them I was going to
eat at Francine's and called her to cover for me if
needed.  I called for a pizza to be delivered.  I heard
the shower running and could feel the rise in humidity
and smell the soap in the smell duplex.  Rhon came out
of her bedroom dressed in fresh T-shirt, jeans and
cowboy boots just as the pizza arrived.  She paid the
delivery boy, and we ate at her small dining table.
She drank four beers while I had a coke.

      After disposing of the empty box and cans we
adjured to the couch to talk.  I noticed that there
was a bulge in the front of her jeans.  If she had
been a boy it would have indicated that it was an
erection.  (I notice these things because with boob's
like mine boys spring boners all of the time.)  Rhon
observed me staring at her crotch.

      "I hope my boy doesn't offend you" she said.

      "What is your boy?" I asked.

      She unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and pulled
out a 10-inch very lifelike rubber cock complete with
veins and lifelike balls.  I was in awe and very excited.

      Rhon asked me, "Do you want to touch it?"

      When I wrapped my hand around it she grabbed
me and kissed me passionately.  I asked her to stop
long enough for me to make a call.

      I called Francine and asked her to call my parents
to ask permission to spend the night with her.  Mom
never said no to Francine.

      As soon as I hung up the phone I straddle Rhon's
hips and started kissing her.  We sucked tongues
while I felt her dildo poking the tight fitting crotch
of my shorts.  My nipples were as hard as diamonds,
and the crotch of my cutoff jeans were soaking wet.

      Rhon started undressing me, and it didn't take
much effort or time to get me out of my clothes.
She was excited at sucking and playing with my
breasts and rubbing her 10-inch dildo against my
crotch until I was totally distracted, but she stopped
short of allowing me to cum.  I was moaning in pure
pleasure, and I helped her get undressed.

     When we pulled her T-shirt over her head I saw
that she had something like an ace bandage strapping
down her breasts.  When we removed the wrapping it
exposed her small B sized tots.  She had small areolas
and she had large pointed nipples.  I was intrigued by
the fact that she didn't shave her underarms at all.
When she lowered her arms there was an abundant
amount of dark blonde hair sticking out from under
her arm alongside her little breasts.  Her jeans were
already open and her sex toy was already sticking out,
so she simply arched her back to lift her butt up
enough for us to get her jeans down to her knees
along.  I slipped off of the couch to kneel before her
and removed her boots before finishing to remover
her clothes except for her baggy boxer with her
dildo sticking out.  I kneeled back on my heels to
absorb the sight of a woman wearing a replica of a
male penis with balls sticking through the fly of the
shorts.

      She stood up and led me to her bedroom, where
she pulled the comforter and sheet down to the foot
of the bed before placing me right in the middle.
She lay beside me.  It was very exciting to have my
first adult woman making love to me.  She carried on
about what nice tits I had for a girl my age.

     She started kissing me while she felt my tits.  She
slobbered all over my body until she reached my cunt.
She was an expert about sucking pussy.  She even
hovered over my head to allow me to suck on her tits
for a while before she insisted that I suck her cock.

      It frightened me because it was so much bigger
than any penis I had ever seen.  It was so large that I
gaged trying to get all of it in my mouth.  Eventually I
had to un-sap her boxer shorts and pull them down.
Around the base of the dildo was plenty of dark
blonde pubic hair.  She had a normal vagina under the
dildo, and she allowed me to feel her dildo and pussy
I smelled my hand I could smell the lax rubber and
the unmistakable odor of female cunt.  I wondered if
it was the combination of all the women I had seen at
her home on Saturdays.  I didn't get to think about it
long, or ask questions.

      Francine and I had only tongue fucked each other
so we were still virgins, so knowing that she was going
to fuck me with that dildo was intimidating.  I was
resolved and eager for Rhon to take my cherry and
make me into a woman.  I knew that I was mature
enough because I had been periods for over a year,
and I was certainly wet enough.  All of Rhon's
administrations to my breasts had made me horny as
hell.  She must have sensed I was ready, and
positioned my butt on a towel and proceeded to eat
my pussy until I had the most spectacular orgasm of
my young life.  She kissed her way up my body and
kissed me on the mouth with my cum still smelling
strongly on her face and in her mouth.

      She asked, "Are you ready for me to fuck you?"

      "GAWD...YES, please pop my cherry!"

      She kissed me on my open mouth while she
reached between our bodies and aligned her dildo
with my cunt and slowly pushed it into the folds of my
cunt.  It felt like it was as large as a fire hydrant.  It
felt like she was stretching my pussy to the maximum
and the pain was replaced by me wanting more.  I
could tell by the pain that she was stretching my
hymen.

      She said, "Hold on" and thrust her cock in tearing
away the thin membrane.  It hurt like hell, forcing me
to cry and scream in pain.

      Rhon became very motherly as she comforted me
and kissing my tears away.  I begged her to continue,
so she started slowly stroking her hips in and out
until my cunt accommodated her entire 10-inch boy as
she called it.

      The pain was ebbing and replaced by a feeling of
pure lust and a feeling of ecstasy.

      She got into a rhythmic pace and used her boy
like she was born with it.  Our sweaty bodies were
rubbing against each other and that added to thrill of
my next orgasm from being fucked by her strap-on.
My orgasm was magnificent and mind blowing.  Rhon
had an orgasm with me and we both shook
uncontrollably.  The smell of her sweaty body filled
my nose.

     We awoke a couple of hours later with Rhon's cock
still in my aching pussy, and we showered together.
While in the shower I knelt before her and ate her
pussy until she had and orgasm and the water turned
cold.

      We eventually did a load of laundry, since my
cutoffs and panties were soaking with my own juices,
and we went back to bed while the wash was drying.

      We had sex many times after that and I ended up
taking Francine's virginity with Rhon's strap-on during
a threesome.  She even gave me permission to use her
boy while she was out of town.  Francine, Mary and
Karen were the beneficiaries, and eventually Mrs.
Livingston.

      Francine and I had keep-up the appearance of
being 'normal' so we dated boys in middle school and
high school.  Being so tall there were few boys willing
to date me.  On such dates I only let them feel my
boobs and was willing to give them hand jobs and
occasionally give then a blowjobs, but refused to let
them fuck me, feigning the appearance if saving my
virginity for my wedding night.  Francine and I would
double date with boys, and would encourage them to
drink until they passed out.  That would allow us to at
least masturbate each other to orgasm.

      When I was fourteen I was still delivering
newspapers.  As usual I made my collections on
Saturdays.  Karen's children were two years older.
One was in first grade, and the other was almost in
kindergarten.  One Saturday morning when I knocked
on her door she invited me in while she wrote the
check.  Her children were nowhere in sight.  While
Keren was getting her checkbook I asked here they
were and she told me that they were spending the
weekend with their father.

      My pussy started tingling and my nipples got hard.
I couldn't resist making a pass at Karen.  While she
was writing the check I stood close enough that our
thighs were touching, and I placed my hand on her
back.  I was only wearing a T-shirt, cut-off jeans and
tennis shoes.  When she stood up to hand me the
check I stuffed it into my back pocket.  I still had my
hand on her back and pulled her close and kissed her
on the mouth.

      Karen recoiled and got stiff, before she relaxed
and smiled at me.  I took her by the hand and led her
to her bedroom.  I closed and locked the door behind
us.  I backed me up to her unmade bed.  I could smell
her body odor on the sheets as I forced her to sit on
the bed.

      I told her, "I have been horny for you for years,
but never had the nerve to act on my desires before."

      With that statement I took her in my arms and
kissed her on the mouth.  Being taller than her I bent
over to kiss her on the mouth.  It came as a surprise
to her to hear that a tall teenager was horny for her.

      I pressed my body against hers forcing her back
until she had to sit on her bed.  I pulled my T-shirt up
and over my head.  I never wear a bra, unless I have
to, because I don't like the way it restricts my
movement.

      Karen sat there making me horny the way she was
studying my tits.  As big as there were they were
firm.  My areolas are large, but it is my nipples that
were the attention getter.  They were every bit as
large and the first joint of my thumbs.  I lifted one
of my tits and stuck it into her mouth.  I helped her
remove her clothes and my own.  I admire the body of
an attractive young mother.

      Karen had golden blonde locks that make a halo
around her clear blue eyes.  Her breasts were full
even though her milk had dried up.  The girls had
obviously sucked from her nipples because I could
actually see the indentations where milk had flowed
from several opening.  Although her figure had
returned and she had lost the baby fat there were
stretch marks on the sides of her lower belly.  Being
a natural blonde her pubic hair was so blonde it
almost matched the color of her skin.  Running my
fingers through her hair was like stroking the hair on
a baby's head.

      I found that her pussy was as wet as mine.  I got
on top of her and I kissed her while felt her tits.  As
I worked my way down to her breasts I slid my hand
down to her pussy.  I masturbated her while sucking
on her nipples.  I did it until her had an orgasm.  As
soon as she calmed down I went down on her and
sucked her pussy and licked up her cum.  She pulled
me back up and started kissing me.

      She seemed to love my big tits the way she
sucked on them.  She masturbated me and ate my
pussy.  Eventually I had to get dressed and get back
to making my collections.

      I even rearranged my collection route to make
Karen's the last stop.  I would be horny long before
getting to her home.  Karen became a special lover
for me.

      A few months later when I rang Mrs. Livingston's
bell there was no answer right away.  When I rang
the bell again, I heard her voice yell out I'm in back.
I walked around the side of the house to the back
yard.  I saw that there was a garden shed hack there.
It was a hot house with opaque Mylar covering a
wooden frame.  I saw her coming out of the door.

	She was wearing a lose long sleeved shirt, baggy
pants and she was pulling her hand out of rubber
gloves, and wiped her face with the back of her right
sleeve.  She had her hair pulled back and a bandana
tied around her head.

      As she freed her hand she held them in one hand
while she took hold of my shoulder and kissed me on
the cheek.

      She invited me in to see her flowers and
vegetables.  There was no fear about anyone being
able to anything going on inside the garden shed.  It
was warm and humid, and I could smell the chemical
fertilizer in the shed.  She proudly pointed out her
favorite flowers.  I stood behind her while she picked
up pots to show them to me.  I placed my hands on
her shoulders, and on impulse kissed her on her neck.
When she turned to face me I backed her up to a
cutting table, and made her sit on the table, while
ignoring that the table was dirty.  I hovered over her
while kissing her and unbuttoning her shirt.  I peeled
her out of her clothes before removing my T-shirt
and cut-offs.

      Elaine became aggressive when she saw my big
tits.  She couldn't stop feeling and sucking on them.
She admitted that she had always wanted to find out
what anal sex was like.  I found a clean plastic
handled trowel and spit on the handle and spit on her
asshole before sticking the handle in her ass.  She
flung her legs back and moaned like a whole while I
fucked her.

      After that day Elaine became a sex slave for anal
sex.  She absolutely loved having me fuck her with
the strap-on dildo that Rhon had bought for me.  She
would assume the missionary position and wrap her
legs around my hips and use her heels to beat my butt
to inspire me to fuck her harder and faster.  She also
enjoyed having me fuck her doggie style in both her
pussy and asshole.  After I had fucked her she would
get down and smell my ass before sticking her tongue
in my ass.

      While I was in high school I convinced my parents
to allow me to earn extra money housekeeping for
Mrs. Livingston and Rhonda.  I would have Francine,
Mary and Stacy visit me at Rhon's apartment when
she was out of town.  On weekends I would fuck
Karen and Elaine.

      Eventually I even allowed Karen's daughters to
watch me eat their mother's pussy and fuck her with
a dildo.

      When Rhon was in town I would play the bitch for
her.  I was probably the most sexually active girl in
town

      When I went away to college Karen and Mrs.
Livingston actually married, even though same sex
marriages are illegal in our State.

      When I went off to the university on a volleyball
scholarship, but was kicked out of school my junior
year after being caught fucking a cheerleader with
my strap-on dildo.

  (She just happened to be the niece of the regent of
the university.)

      I ended up becoming an engineer for a railroad
and finished up earning my Bachelors Masters and
PhD from an online school.  I have to put up with a lot
of shit from the office staff, but they have to kiss
ass because of Affirmative Action.

      Right now I have about a dozen women and one
she-male that I'm fucking.  I love turning out straight
women.  I know every lesbian bar in town.  I wear my
strap-on under my tight fitting pants when I visit the
bars looking for newbies.

      I've never had an orgasm with any man or boy
except the few she-males I have had the occasion to
have sex with.

      Over the years I have had the pleasure of having
sex with all manner of girls and women.  It doesn't
matter the size, color, butch or femme.  Openly
lesbian or straight, I'm a bit of a round heeled slut
for them all.

      I love the challenge of turning out a straight
woman as much as I love having a diesel dyke ridding
me hard.  I have even enjoyed pegging cross-dressing
males or getting fucked hard by some she-males.  I
guess you can say that I'm attracted to female bodies
with any sized areolas and all verities of pussies to
summarize it.

      Being a six-foot two woman with a 49-D bust-line
makes me a natural dominatrix.  My breasts are very
sensitive.  If I have abstained from sex for a while I
can orgasm just from wearing a certain type of bras
that I own.  I have to admit that my sensitive nipples
have betrayed my many times, talking me into having
sex with a lot of women I might not have normally
would have.



I hope you enjoyed the story, and if you have a story
you would like told, please send your outline mail to
janmay696@yahoo.com.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 26: daydream 
---------------------------------------- 
Message-ID: <232319Z14011995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an6299@anon.penet.fi (Jeff)
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.stories
Organization: Anonymous contact service
Reply-To: an6299@anon.penet.fi
Date: Sat, 14 Jan 1995 23:22:22 UTC
Subject: Daydream (f/f, young, cons)
Lines: 205

This is a nice story about two girls who learn the joys of sex with
each other.  I like to think that this is a truly erotic story rather 
than a completely visceral one.  However, it does describe underage
girl/girl sex and if you find that offensive I encourage you to read
no further.

If you prefer boy/boy sex I urge you to read the other version of
this story.



It was a rainy saturday afternoon.  Really rainy.  There was no way we
were going to be able to go outside.  

So, we sat in Sarah's living room playing cards.  Her dad was off on a
business trip and wouldn't be back until the middle of the next week
and her Mom had had to go into the office for the day.  That was why I
had run over in the rain to keep her company.

I lived just two blocks down the street and we spent almost all our
time together.  Usually at Sarah's house, but sometimes over at mine.
Sarah had more stuff than I did.  She had a doll house and lots of board
games and her yard abutted on one of the green belts that winded their
way through the neighborhood.  Her house was just more fun in general.

I was soaking wet when I arrived at her house.  Her Mom was just
walking out the door, but when she saw how soaked I was she scolded me
for not using an umbrella and ran upstairs to get a nightshirt that I
could borrow.  She suggested that Sarah through my clothes in the laundry 
and that I borrow an umbrella or wait until it stopped raining until I 
went home.

I went into the first floor bathroom and stripped off all my clothes.
Even my panties were soaked clear through.  I put on Sarah's nightshirt
and a clean pair of panties and we went into the recroom and stuck my 
clothes in the dryer that was hidden off in a large closet.

So, we sat in the living room playing cards.  Sarah was dressed in
shorts and a t-shirt as she had no plans of going outside anytime soon.

After a while I noticed that she was sort of glancing at my chest, like
she didn't want me to see that she was looking at me.  I hand't really
been thinking about it but the nightshirt was nearly translucent and you
could just make out my budding breasts through the material.

"What?" I asked her.

"Hmmm," she said, playing it cool, but turning just the slightest bit
red.

"What are you looking at?  You keep staring at my chest."  She really
started to turn red now.

"It's not that.  It's just, I never noticed that you are starting
to get breasts.  I guess I've never really looked before."

"Yeah," I said, I looked down at what of my chest I could see through
the light material.  I was actually rather proud of my new breast.  They
and the recent onset of my period meant that I was truly becoming a woman.
"Aren't you getting breasts as well?"

"A little, I suppose."

"Let me see, we'll compare.  See who's going to be more buxom."

"Ok," she said.  She pulled off her shirt and I pulled the nightshirt
over my head.  We both stared at the other girl's bare chest and then
looked back at our own.  Neither of us was wearing or needed a bra yet
"Well," she said finally.  "You're definately more developed than me.  
Looks like you're the one that's going to be a buxom lass."

I pretended mock outrage and threw myself at her.  She ran and I followed
her all around the first floor of the house.  We ended up in the rec room
and she flung herself on the couch.  I sort of dropped on top of her.

Now that we weren't moving, the room suddenly seemed very hot.  Both
of us were flushed from the activity and breathing heavily.  I got up
off her and we sat there heaving from our exertion.  We sat there for 
a few minutes, each lost in our own thoughts.

"Mary," she finally said and I grunted.  "Have you ever been with a
boy?  You know like really done it with a boy."

"No, why?"

"Just curious, I haven't either.  I've never even kissed a boy."

"Yeah, me neither.  I mean I've kissed my father and stuff, but I've
never really kissed anyone, not with tongue."

"Do you want to try it?  Just to see what it's like?" She turned to
face me.

"With you?"  I looked at her.  The thought of kissing was really
making my heart beat fast.  I thought it might be some kind of a joke.
"I'll do it under one condition."

"What's that?"

"We can't tell anyone at school.  No one!  I don't want to labeled a
lesbian for the rest of my life just because I kissed a girl once.  Ok?"

"Yeah, we don't tell anyone about it."  

She stood up and offered me her hand to help me up.  I stood up and we
faced eachother.  It was very awkward, standing there.  I could feel
the flush of my face extending downards onto my chest, I hoped that my
skin wasn't actually as hot to the touch as it felt.

I took a step towards her and she sort of stuck her face forward.  We
both moved our faces then and bumped noses pretty hard.  Luckily, that
sort of broke the ice.  She started laughing and I started laughing and
we were both rubbing our noses.

I tilted my head to one side and she tilted her to the other.  I looked
into her eyes as our faces got closer together and I could see that she
wanted this as much as I did.  I reached out my arms and pulled her to
me in an embrace.  She responded by wrapping her arms around me as
well.

Her bare back was burning hot under my arms.  Our chests touched and
my erect nipples were pushed gently by her skin and the slight
friction on them caused me the most incredible sense of pleasure.

Our lips touched and we kissed for a long time.  Barely coming up for
breath for well over a minute.  First me probing her mouth then her
probing mine.  Playing games with our tongues and holding eachother closer
and closer all the while.

I stopped caring about whether she knew I was excited.  I could feel
my crotch getting wet and I was pushing it hard against her leg.  I could 
feel her damp panties rubbing against me as well.

The kiss ended, but we didn't let go of the embrace.  We just stood
there a moment in each other's arms.

"That was good."  I finally said.  She just nodded and rested her head
on my chest.  "Let's go up to your room."   I suggested.  I wanted to
see and feel the rest of her body and I didn't feel comfortable
undressing her in the living room.

We went up the stairs holding eachother's hands.  It was almost like
she was letting me lead her.  We walked into her bedroom and we kissed
again.  This time it wasn't so impassioned, it didn't last as long,
but I could feel that my cunt desperately wanted to be felt, to be rubbed.

I led her over to the bed and lay her down.  I kneeled by the side of
the bed and I kissed her lightly on the mouth.  Then I started working
my way down her neck, tasting the sweat on her skin, listening to her
breathing as I slowly worked my way down to her left nipple.

I sucked on her nipple and she gasped with pleasure, her breathing
becoming heavier.  Her right hand moving and resting lightly on his
crotch, applying the slightest amount of pressure through her shorts.
Her left hand reached up and rested on the back of my neck, pulling my
face down towards her body.

I moved to her armpit and breathed in the sweet odor.  It made me
impossibly excited.  I licked at the smooth skin and slowly worked my
way down her side, licking at her slightly sweaty skin and feeling her 
hand resting on the back of my neck.

I reached the edge of her shorts and moved on down to her feet.  I
wasn't ready to see her naked yet.  I wasn't ready to take that next
step.  She was rubbing her crotch with both hands as I nibbled on her
toes, gently biting at her big toes and then sucking on them one by
one.

I could feel all the muscles in her legs tensing as she became more
excited.  She finally gasped and pulled her shorts down off her crotch.
She pushed her panties down and could see her fingers slide into her
damp cunt.  Her fingers massaging her clit.

I moved back up the left side of her body and stared for a moment at
her hand rubbing back and forth over her hot clit I moved back up her 
body and started working on her nipple again.

Her breathing changed, she started panting and her whole body was
shaking.  Her chest was covered in a cold sweat and all of her muscles
were tense.  Then she held her breath for a moment and let it out in
one long exhale.  All her muscles went limp and then tensed again as
her body was rewarded with orgasm after orgasm.  She fell back and just
gently rubbed her crotch with one hand.

I looked down and could see her hands damp from her masturbation.  I
touched my hand to hers and put my finger to my lip and tasted her
sweet juices.

It was salty and a very strange consistency but not unpleasant.

It was right then that we heard her mother's car coming into the
garage.  I ran downstairs to grab the nightshirt and her shirt and she
grabbed kleenex from her bedside table to clean herself up.  We got
dressed and walked down the stairs just as her mother opened the door
from the garage.

We didn't have a chance to talk about anything right then, but I
looked forward to the next time I'd get to spend some time with Sarah
alone.  She owed me one.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 27: electric-blue-panties 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 21 Feb 2015 19:21:50 +0000 (UTC)
From: Tony Williams <tonywill9999@yahoo.com>
Subject: Electric Blue Panties

Electric Blue Panties

     I'm standing in front of my closet, wondering what to wear.  The
mirrored sliding doors are closed and I look at myself.  I don't have a
stitch on.  I like my hair, which is long enough to almost reach my waist.
I think my body is too skinny, but maybe that's not a bad thing, 'cos I'm
not gonna grow up with a big fat ass like the chubby kids in my class.  My
chest is still flat, months or even years to go before my boobs will grow.
My vagina is just a vertical slit, totally different from my mom's.  Her's
has lips and a clit and a big bush of hair.  Mine is as bald as an egg.
Let's face it, I'm still a little girl.  And my face?  Well, a lot of
people say I'm pretty, but I'm too used to seeing it to be able to judge.
At least no one says I'm ugly.

     I wanna wear something special for Jamie, my babysitter.  You maybe
think that I'm too old to need a sitter, but my mom said she won't be home
until midnight and if no one supervises me, I'll stay up past my nine
o'clock bedtime and anyway, I like Jamie at lot.  I think I might just have
a bit of a crush on her.  (Don't tell her!)  The last time she babysat me,
she told me I was sexy.  Then she laughed, 'cos I blushed.

     I'm definitely gonna wear my electric blue cotton panties.  They're
bright enough to make your eyes water and they have white scalloped elastic
round the waist and legs.  I step over to my dresser, find a white cotton
cami that has spaghetti straps and a bit of lace across the top, and put it
on.  Then I find the panties and go back to the closet.  I look at myself,
naked from the waist down.  Maybe Jamie's right, perhaps I am sexy.  I pull
my vagina open with my fingers and look at the pink inside.  I put my
middle finger inside and pretend that it's Jamie's finger.  I wonder if
she'd like to do that.  I hope so.  I step into the panties and pull them
up my thighs then pull the waist up at the front to form a camel toe but as
soon as I let go, it disappears.  Ah, well.

     I slide the mirror aside and scroll through my dresses.  Suddenly it's
obvious what to wear: the white party dress.  Yeah!  It's totally
see-through and has to be worn with a half slip or my panties will be
clearly visible.  If I don't wear the slip my mom will freak, so it's gotta
be a matter of timing.  Jamie's due at any minute.  I put the dress on and
reach back and zip it up.  It has short sleeves, a scoop neck and only
comes halfway down my thighs.  I put white ankle socks on.  Definitely a
little-girl look, but the dress does nothing to hide the panties.  I wait
at the top of the stairs, the half slip in my hand.  If mom leaves right
away, I can come downstairs, if not, I'll put the slip on.

     The doorbell rings and I hear Mom call to me, "Meadow?  Jamie's here."

     "I'll be down in a couple of secs," I call.

     Then I hear Mom give Jamie some instructions and say, "I gotta run.
Bye, Jamie.  Bye, Sweetie."  The door slams.  I drop the slip and start
down the stairs.  Jamie is standing at the bottom.

     "Oh, my God, Meadow!" she says.  "You look . . . . stunning!"

     Jamie's fourteen, with a boyish look, short hair and a turned up nose.
She's slender with small but firm tits.  At least I imagine they're firm,
but I've never had a chance to find out.  Maybe tonight I will.  She's
wearing a wrap around plaid skirt and a plaid shirt, tied at the waist but
with most of the buttons undone.  No bra, but then she doesn't need one.  I
can see her belly button.  I slowly descent, one hand on my hip, swaying
from side to side with each step, laying it on thick.  I give her my most
dazzling smile.  My heart is beating fast.  Her eyes are big and bright as
she stares at me.  I run down the last few step and jump into her arms, my
legs round her waist, my arms round her neck. I can feel her hands under my
butt, her fingertips meeting where they shouldn't be, not that I'm gonna
complain.

     "Meadow, you're absolutely adorable!" she whispers in my ear.  "I
could so fall in love with you."  I'm melting.  I don't know what to say.
I let go and slide down her and step back, letting her look at me.  "I just
love your underpants," she breathes.

     "I thought you might," I said, doing a pirouette so that my dress
flares to show my underpants, even though they're perfectly visible anyway.
"I couldn't decide between these and my regular white ones, the ones I had
on last time, that you said you liked."  Her gaze is riveted on me.  "Let's
go in the living room."

     "I'd love you whatever color you wore," she says, "even with no
underpants at all."

     "What color are you wearing?" I ask, sitting on the couch.  Standing
in front of me, she undoes the button on the side of her skirt, peels it
open, undoes the other button on the inside and holds the skirt wide open,
her arms splayed.  She has on full cut white nylon translucent panties.
Unfortunately there's a cotton liner so I can't see her vagina, but I can't
see any pubic hair.  I guess she's shaved it off.  Her legs are long and
slender.

     "Nice!  I like white, too.  No, don't fasten your skirt again.  Just
drop it on the floor.  This way I can look at your panties all night
without having to look up your skirt."

     "You like looking up my skirt, don't you?" she says, laughing.  Am I
blushing again?  "Last time I was here, you looked up it every chance you
got."

     I smile.  "And you didn't mind.  You even looked up mine.  Are we
weird, 'cos we like looking at each other's undies?"

     "And like being looked at, too?  I guess so, but I'm not gonna stop."

     "Me, neither."  I reach out, put my arms round her hips and pull her
towards me, resting my cheek against the front of her panties.  I gently
squeeze her butt cheeks, then look up at her face.  She's staring down at
me and our eyes lock.  I feel my heart beginning to race.  "Are we gonna
have fun tonight?  Last time you were here, when I was in the shower and I
asked you to come into the bathroom, you wouldn't."

     "That's because I was worried that you might tell your mom and get me
in trouble."

     "Why would I do that?  She'd go ballistic, even if she knew you looked
up my dress.  She's always telling me to sit up properly and be a lady.
I'd never tell her anything, so whatever we do tonight, she'll never find
out about it."

     Now she's sitting on the sofa beside me.  I turn sideways with my back
against the arm rest and lift my feet up.  "Take my socks off and tickle my
feet," I tell her.  She lifts my left leg by the ankle up high and pulls
off the sock, then does the other.  Now I'm lying back with my legs up in
the air, my thighs wide apart, letting her look at me.  I feel a warm glow
all over as she stares intently at my electric blue panties.  She seems
unsure what to do next, so I get up on to my hands and knees and move
towards her.  "I wanna see your tits," I say, boldly.  Without waiting for
her, I pull open the knot which ties her shirt and spread it open.  "Wow,"
I breathe, "they're awesome."

     "They're too small," she says, blushing.

     "No, no.  They're perfect.  Can I touch them?"  She just smiles and
shrugs the shirt off her shoulders.  Kneeling beside her, I put both my
palms on her breasts and gently squeeze.  She sighs.

     "Pinch my nipples, Meadow.  They like that."  I gently pinch them
between my forefingers and thumbs.  "Ooooh, that feels so good."

     "Can I kiss them?"  I don't wait for an answer.  It seems so natural
just to lower my head and take her nipple in my mouth.  It's pink and
swollen, standing out like a pencil eraser, only bigger.

     "Bite me, go on, do it, it won't hurt.  Mmmm, yes, now do the other
one.  Oh, my sweet baby, that's so thrilling!"

     I come up for air and look at her.  She's utterly gorgeous, leaning
back in just her nylon panties.  I lean back beside her.  "Look," I say,
lifting my dress and cami up under my chin.  "I have not tits at all."

     "I like you without tits.  Don't be in too much of a hurry to grow up.
I love you just the way you are.  My little girl."  I let go of my dress
and and snuggle against her, then turn my head and take her nipple in my
mouth again.  I lick it, then nibble on it with my teeth.  Then I give it a
strong suck and let it go.

     "I'm you're little baby and you're feeding me, Mommy," I say in my
little-girl voice.  I go back to sucking again, then switch to the other
one.  She has one hand on the back of my head and the other is stroking up
and down my back.

     "Oh, darling baby girl, I love you so much," she murmurs.  I lift my
head, then put my hands on her shoulders and kiss her full on the mouth.  I
feel her tongue probe and I part my lips, until it touches mine.  My head
is swimming.  I'm so in love.  We break apart.  "Let's go up to your
bedroom," she whispers.  She stands up, picks up her backpack from where
she'd dropped it by the door, then lets me precede her up the stairs.  I
know she's staring at my butt, at my electric blue panties through my sheer
dress.  In the bedroom, she sits on my bed and leans back on her elbows,
looking at me.  "I'm imagining what it would be like to take you out to the
mall in that dress," she says, "with everyone looking at you, admiring
those exquisite underpants.  I'd be so pround of you and they'd all be
jealous of me.  They'd be wondering what I would do to you when I got you
home."

     "What would you do?" I ask, smoothing the dress down my front to make
my panties even more visible.

     "First, I'd take pictures of you so that I could enjoy you when I'm
not with you."  She takes her phone out of her backpack and I smile for her
as she snaps a pic.  "Then I'd ask you to take your dress off."  This is
getting exciting.  I know enough not to rush things, so I very slowly lift
the dress up, over my hips, over my chest, until it's wrapped round my
head.  I can see the flash go off every second or so.  Then I untangle it
from my hair and drop it on the floor.  "Now take your top off."  I do the
same, slowly revealing my flat chest, until I'm standing there in panties
only, grinning wildly.  I feel so sexy.  Without waiting for further
instructions I hook my fingers in the waistband of my panties and with
agonizing slowness, begin to slide them down.  I'm looking down at myself
as my vagina slowly comes into view.  The flash is going off continuously.
With my panties down at mid thigh, I look up at Jamie.  Her face is
flushed.  I spread my feet as far as the panties will allow and lace my
fingers behind my neck, pushing my hips forward.

     "Do you like my vagina?" I ask, unnecessarily.  Of course she does.  I
can see it in her face.  She's enthralled.  I let her look for a few
seconds more, then bring my feet together so that my panties fall to the
floor.  I step out of them.

     We lie beside each other on the bed, her arm round my shoulder, and we
scroll through the pictures we took earlier.  "We could put these on the
internet," I say say, though I'm joking.

     "Not on your life!" she says.  "Your friends might see them."

     "But what about the ones that don't show my face, just my undies and
my vagina.  I wouldn't mind people looking at it."

     "You're a little teaser, Meadow.  Maybe that's why I love you so much.
Why do you call it your vagina?" she asks.  "Don't you have a pet name for
it?"

     "No.  I used to call it my pee-pee, but that sounds babyish.  My
doctor calls it my vagina, so I guess that's the real name."

     "Did he look at it?"

     "She's a lady doctor and she did.  She spread it open and looked at it
for a long time.  I'm glad she wasn't a man doctor."

     "Were you embarrassed?"

     "Heck, no.  I like being looked at.  What do you call yours?"

     "It's my pussy.  Or sometimes I call it my cunt."

     "That's a bad word."

     "Only if you use it as a name to call someone.  I never do that.  I
like the word 'cunt'.  It sounds naughty."

     "We'll call it my cunt, then.  You like me naked, don't you?" I say.
"This is so fun.  Can we do this every time you babysit me?"

     "Absolutely!  Maybe your mom will let you come over to my house
sometime and we can do stuff."

     "Like getting naked.  Can I take your panties off so I can look at
your cunt?"

     "I thought you'd never ask."

      "Lift your hips.  Oh, wow!  You've shaved off your pubic hair.
You're bald, just like me, but your cunt's different than mine.  It has
lips and a clit.  Gimme your phone."  I take a picture of it.  "There, now
I can look at it any time I like."

     "I like having you look at it."

     I gaze at her body and she stares back at me, her head propped up
against the headboard.  Her tits have flattened out so that her body looks
like a boy's, except that she had no penis.  I'm glad she doesn't.  Penises
look ridiculous.  Cunts are fascinating.  I move down the bed until I'm
kneeling between her legs.  She spreads them wider, invitingly.  I stare at
her cunt, then run my hand over her mound.  She must have shaved it earlier
in the day because it's just as smooth as mine.

     "It's beautiful, like a flower," I breathe.  "Can I kiss it?"

     "Oh, Meadow, yes, yes please.  You can do anything you like.  I'm all
yours."

     I lean in and place my lips on hers.  I feel her hand on the back of
my head, her fingers running through my hair.  I tentatively run my tongue
up and down her lips.  They're already wet without my saliva.  I probe my
tonge between them and push it in as far as it will reach.  I can smell the
aroma of sex and it makes me even more excited.  I withdraw my tongue and
lick upwards to her clit.  It's smaller than her nipples, but more swollen
than when I took the picture of it.  I touch it with my tongue and I hear
her take a sharp breathe in.  I let my tongue play with it.  I know how to
do this 'cos at in the library they have a lot of books about sex.  I don't
check them out 'cos my mom would freak, but I sit at a table and read them
there.  Yeah, I know all about lesbians and what they do.  I wanna be one
when I grow up.

     Then I take her clit between my lips and suck on it, rapidly in and
out.  Jamie's fingers dig into my scalp.  "Oh, my God!" she whispers.  "You
little devil, you're driving me crazy."

     I lift my head and look at her.  "Why don't you drive me crazy?"

     She reaches down, grips me by the shoulders and pulls me up on top of
her body.  Her arms go round me and she hugs me so tight I can hardly
breathe.  I get one thigh between her's, and her thigh goes between mine.
She lifts her knee until I'm riding her thigh.  It's pressed firmly against
my cunt and I move my body up and down so it rubs on me.  It feels so good,
I could do this all night.  She kisses me on the lips, her tongue in my
mouth.  She can probably taste herself.  Then she rolls me off so that I'm
lying on my back.  She scootches down the bed and I open my legs as she
positions herself between them.  Her fingers touch my cunt, prying it open.
Then her lips are on me, her tongue thrusting inside me and then it's
probing at where my clit will soon develop.  She lifts her head up and
looks into my eyes.  "You're wet, my darling.  I must be making you happy."

     "You are, Jamie.  I'm falling in love with you.  Do that thing on my
clit again, please.  It felt incredible.  Oh, yes, yes!"  Waves of
excitement run through my whole body.  This is a hundred times better than
when I touch myself with my fingers at night in bed.  I'm drowning in an
ocean of love, and then a big wave breaks over me.  My whole body shudders.

     "Did you just cum?" she asks.

     "I think so.  It was awesome.  I've never felt anything like it.  I
thought I was gonna pee.  That would've been a disaster."

     "I wouldn't mind if you peed on me.  You can do anything you like with
me, remember?"

     "It sounds . . .I was gonna say 'disgusting' but I guess if we did it
in the shower, there wouldn't be any cleaning up to do.  It would be kinda
naughty."

     "What I'd really like is for you to put your fantastic panties back
on."

     "But you like me naked, don't you?"

     "I love you naked, but I wanna watch you ssit on the toilet and pee
through them."

     "Pee through my panties?  I haven't done that since I was a little
girl."

     "I saw one of my friends do it when we were younger than you are.  I
got incredibly excited.  Then she aked me to do it, to pee through my
panties, so I did it for her.  I've been doing it ever since.  It's feels
so nice and naughty.  That must be the reason why I get so excited whenever
I look at a girl's underpants.  Will you do it for me, so I can take a
video of it on my phone?"

     "You know I'll do anything for you.  Where are they?  Oh, here, on the
floor."  I pick them up and put them on.  She sits on the edge of the bed
watching me.

     "It's almost as sexy watching you put them on as taking them off."

     "Let's go in the bathroom," I say, taking her hand and pulling her to
her feet.  She grabs her phone and lets me lead her.  We stand in front of
the vanity, looking at ourselves in the mirror.

     "You're so fucking sexy," she murmurs.  "I don't know which is more
thrilling, panties on or panties off."

     "I like you better with yours off, so I can see your cunt.  I'm never
gonna tire of looking at it."  I sit on the toilet.

     "Here's what I want you to do.  Just let your pee go, about half of
it, then we'll get in the shower and you can pee on me."  I giggle.  It
seems kinda silly but I want to do anything she wants.  She drops to one
knee, aiming the phone.  I stare down at myself as I let my pee go and
watch the front of the bright blue cotton grow darker as my pee soaks into
it, then it's trickling down into the bowl, making that nice tinkling
noise.

     "Enough," she calls and I shut the flow off.  She puts her hand
between my thighs and squishes the crotch of my panties.  It's enough to
get her hand all wet and she lifts it to her mouth and licks it.  "Mmm,
delicious.  Now let's get in the shower.  Don't turn the water on yet.  I
want you to wet me."  She kneels down in front of me, pulls my underpants
down and drops them.  I put one foot up on the edge of the tub and she
moves forward until she's right beneath me.  She tilts her head backwards.
"Now pee," she commands.

     "On your face?"

     "On my face, yes."  She closes her eyes and I let my pee go again and
the stream hits her right in the face, splashing sideways to wet my thighs,
then trickling down, some on my legs, most on her body.  She opens her
mouth and my pee goes right in.  I can see it filling her mouth.  Then she
closes her lips and swallows.  Her mouth opens again to catch the last of
my pee.  She swallows again, then puts her hands on my butt and pulls her
face right into my crotch, her mouth on my cunt.  I manage a last little
squirt and I hear her hum with contentment.  In a way, it's thrilling to do
such a naughty thing to the girl I love.  I wonder what it would be like to
have her pee on me.  It would be so intimate.  It would be a way of saying
that I belong to her and that nothing that happens between us is forbidden
any more.

     "I want you to do it to me," I hear myself say.  I feel strangely
excited.  She stands up and I kneel down between her spread legs.  "Go
ahead, pee on me, Jamie."  I close my eyes and suddenly feel the splash of
hot pee on my face.  It's warmer than I expected.  It's surprisingly
thrilling.  I lick my lips to taste it.  It's not yucky like I thought it
would be.  I open my mouth and let it fill.  Then I swallow it, all in one
gulp.  A shiver of delight runs through me.  Her pee now runs down my chin,
over my chest, down my tummy and over my cunt, finally falling to the
bottom of the tub.  It smells like ordinary fresh pee, but knowing it's
her's, to me it's perfume.  I open my mouth again, just in time to get
another taste.  I swallow it eagerly and put my lips on her cunt and suck.
She's empty.  I look up at her.  "Oh, my God that was awesome!" I tell her.
"You can pee on me any time you want."  She smiles and turns on the water
and we rinse ourselves off.  Then we soap ourselves all over.  I lather her
tits and she buries my crotch in suds, her fingers doing naughty things to
me.  I feel her middle finger touch my butt hole and I relax to let her
push it in.  It feels nice, I guess just because it's so intimate.  She
finger fucks my butt for a few seconds.

     "Turn round and face the wall," she says, " and spread your legs."
Whatever she wants to do to me, I'm eager for it.  She kneels down and
spreads my butt cheeks with her hands and I feel her face press against me.
Her tongue is on my little brown hole and it feels naughtily delicious.
She pushed it in. and I push back, bearing down to open my ass for her.  I
feel her hand on my stomach and look down and her palm slides down over my
mound and her thumb goes into my cunt.  My little girly slit is ready for
her, perfectly relaxed and wet with more than the shower water.  Her thumb
slides in with no resistance at all, as far as it will go until the base of
her forefinger is pressed hard against me.  My hymen is already broken,
from the time last month when I pushed the handle of a hairbrush up myself,
so I don't feel any pain.  Now she's fucking both my holes with tongue and
thumb.  I'm trembling all over.

     "Oh, Jamie, yes, yes!  I love it!  Don't stop!  Oh, my God!"  I'm
panting, almost gasping for air.  I feel like my whole body is melting.

     And then I cum again.  This time, I'm in no doubt that I'm having a
real orgasm.  The feeling is indescribable.  I can hear myself letting out
little squeals and I put my hand over hers and press it into me as hard as
I can.  I don't know how long it lasts and I think maybe I've passed out
because I find myself facing her, being held up by her arms round my waist,
her lips on mine, her tongue deep in my mouth.  It has a faint taste of
soap.  Our bodies press together.  We press our cunts against each others
thighs as we hold each other in a tight embrace.  I'm so in love with her.
I'm drowning in happiness.  It can't go on forever.  We finally break apart
to catch our breath.

     "You made me cum again, Jamie. It was awesome!  Now I want to make you
cum.  Please, show me how to give you an orgasm.  I want to do it more than
anything."  She says nothing, just smiles and takes my hand.  I just have
time to bend down and pick up my panties from the bottom of the tub.  We
step out and I rinse them in the basin and hang them over the heated towel
rail.  I hope they dry before my mom comes home or she'll wonder why I
washed them.  I don't want her to be suspicious 'cos she might find another
babysitter and that would be a disaster.  Jamie leads me into my bedroom
and lies down on my bed, her legs spread widely.

     "Come and sit beside me, Meadow.  Put your hand on my cunt.  Play with
my lips and clit.  Oh, your touch is so gentle, my darling little angel.
You're so pretty.  I could look at your naked body all night and never tire
of if.  Don't grow up, Sweetheart, just stay a little girl forever so I can
keep on loving you the way I do now.  Put a finger inside me, yeah, like
that.  It's nice.  Now put two in.  Okay, try three.  Fuck me with your
fingers."

     "Wow, you're so wet, you're practically dripping."

     "Can you get your pinky finger in too?  Yes, just push, it won't
hurt."  Now my fingers and half my hand are inside her up to my thumb.
"Now I want you to fold your thumb into your palm and put your whole hand
all the way inside me.  No, it won't hurt.  You can push as hard as you
like."  It's hard to believe that my hand will fit inside her but more than
anything, I want to make her happy, so I push.  She groans but then says,
"Harder, push harder!"  Suddenly my hand slides right in, lubricated by her
wetness, up to the wrist.  I'm astonished, but thrilled.  The feeling of
her soft wet flesh encasing my hand is amazing.  Her face is twisted up.

     "Am I hurting you?" I ask, anxiously.

     "Not, it's okay.  Make a fist."  I close my fingers.  "Push in some
more."  I can hardly believe that half my arm is inside her.  I never knew
that a cunt would be that big.  Will mine be that big one day.  How long
will it be before she's be able to put her hand inside me?  "Fuck me,
Jamie, my sweet little baby.  Fuck my brians out!  Oh, Jesus, that feels
good!  Do it harder, yes, harder!  Oh, my God, you're driving me crazy, you
little devil."  I lean in and put my lips on her clit, sucking on it and
playing with it with my tongue.  Her body is shaking.  "Fuck me, fuck
. . .Ooooh, shit, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"  She lets out a huge sigh and
then her body goes limp.  She lies there for a few seconds.  I leave my
hand inside her, because the whole idea of fucking her with my fist is so
incredibly fantastic and sexy that I can feel my cunt getting wet again.
Finally, she opens her eyes and gives me a huge grin.  "You did it, Meadow!
You made me cum!  I love you so much I could eat you."  I gently pull my
hand from her and lick her juices off it.  The smell of her sex is
overpowering, getting me even more excited.

     She looks at my bedside clock.  "Shit!" she says, sitting upright.
"You're mom's gonna be home soon.  You've gotta pretend to be asleep."  She
jumps out of bed and finds her panties on the floor.  She pulls them on.
Her shirt and skirt are downstairs.  She kisses me briefly on the lips and
says, "I'll see you next time, Kiddo," and goes out of the door.  It's
crushing that our games have to end so abruptly but we daren't get caught
by Mom.  I find my nightie and put it on and get under the covers.  After I
while I hear my mom come in.  There's some conversation and then I hear
Jamie leave.  Mom comes into my room and I pretend to be asleep until she
leaves and goes downstairs.  Then I sneak into the bathroom and look for my
panties.  They're gone?  Shit!  Did Mom find them?

     After about fifteen minutes, I hear my phone vibrating onthe bedside
table.  "Hello?" I whisper.

     "It's me, Jamie," she says.  "I'm home, looking at myself in the
mirror.  Guess what I'm wearing?"

     "What?"

     "Electric blue cotton panties.  They're a bit damp, but they look
really fucking sexy!"

     I'm sure they do.



The end.

Feedback and comments to tonywill9999@yahoo.com.  All emails will be
answered.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 28: faith-and-rachel 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 22 Aug 2015 16:53:27 -0400
From: McKenzie Lyon <mckenzielyon.sexystories69@gmail.com>
Subject: Faith and Rachel (PART 1)

This story is a work of fiction. Any likenesses to persons, living or dead,
or events, are completely coincidental. I hope you enjoy this story. If you
would like to contact me, this is my email specifically for this type of
stuff: McKenzieLyon.SexyStories69@gmail.com. I can even send out a
newsletter when I upload a new story, if you would like.

Faith was a 13 year old living in the suburbs of a small city. She was a
very well well behaved girl and always did what she was told. She was 5'5"
tall, had long legs, and long brown hair. Her breasts were just starting to
become noticable, and she wore a 32B bra. She didn't have very much pubic
hair, and her pussy was tight with lips that barely came outside.

She always knew she was different, but nobody else did. She didn't really
like boys all that much. She just thought girls were... Better. The only
person that knew this was her friend down the street, Rachel. Rachel was 10
years old, and like Faith, she was good and did what she was told. She was
4'8", had somewhat long legs, and light brown hair that was down to just
below her shulders. Her breasts were just starting to develop, so she could
get away without wearing a bra, but rather just an undershirt. Her pussy
was extremely tight, and her lips did not come out.

Rachel was Faith's best friend. During the summer they always hung out.
Nothing could keep them apart. Especially after they saw each other naked.
They were changing to go in the pool, and both went into Rachel's room.
They stripped down and thought nothing of it, since they were best friends,
and they were both girls. But something happened between them. They
realised there was more between them than they thought.

One day Faith went over to Rachel's house and they were going to play cop
and robber. Rachel was the cop, and she chased Faith all around her yard
and house. Faith ran into Rachel's room, and Rachel locked her in the
room. Faith didn't notice.

"Phew, that was fun. But man I'm exhausted. Do you want to watch something
on YouTube?" Faith said, breathing heavily from running around for the past
half hour.

"No, I have something better in mind. Take your clothes off."

"What, why?"

"Just do it! It'll be fun, I promise. If you don't think it's fun then we
never have to speak of it or do it again."

"Well, alright."

The duo stripped naked, and Faith looked at Rachel.

"Alright, I'm not wearing my clothes. What do you want me to do like this?"

"Sit on my floor, but lean back a little and spread your legs."

Faith did as she was told. Rachel got down next to Faith and put her hand
on top of Faith's slit.

"Now, lick your finger and put it inside my girly parts and start moving it
in and out, like this."

Rachel took her hand and started to put her index finger in Faith's pussy
when she stopped her.

"What if your parents catch us like this? They'll be mad enough that we're
naked, but touching each other down there? They'll kill us!"

"Oh, don't worry. I locked my door. Now watch." Rachel said as she slowly
slid her finger in her best friends pussy, and then began finger fucking
her. "Now try it on me. Lick your finger though like I did since it'll make
it easier to go in and it will feel better for me too."

Faith licked her pointer finger and then felt around for Rachel's hole.
When she found it she slid it in and back out a few times.

"Wow it's a tight fit. Have you ever put anything in there?"

"No. My mom has fake penises and stuff like that to use, but they're too
big. Why, have you put something in yours? I mean, it felt a little looser,
but I thought it was just 'cuz you're older."

"Nothing to make myself feel good. I just hide things in there like my cell
phone or a pen. I just thought the good feeling meant that it was in
there."

"Oh man you're funny. Anyways, do you understand this?"

"Yeah. It seems really simple."

"Are you ready to get serious?"

"I guess so."

"Alright, get that finger wet and go to town girl."

Both girls licked their fingers again and began finger fucking each
other. They were gasping and "ahhh"-ing, occasionaly saying "Oh my god,
that felt good right there."

"Hey Rachel, what's this bump inside of you?"

"What bump?"

"The one right inside if your slit." Faith said as she rubbed it to give
Rachel an idea.

Rachel jumped a bit and gasped. "Oh, that's my happy spot! You found it!
When you rub it it feels really good. And now that I know where mine is I
should be able to find yours!"

They continued finger fucking each other, but now that they found their
clits they felt really good. An hour and a half in, Rachel froze, and
started breathing havily. "Don't... Stop... Yet..." She whispered between
gasps. When she was done climaxing, she took Faith's finger out of her
pussy which was covered in her clear juices, even though she did not
ejaculate because she was too young still.

"What just happened to you?"

"That's just what happens when you get happy enough down there. You should
be getting there soon."

15 minutes later, the same thing happened to Faith. Just for her, she was
able to squirt a little bit.

"Woah, no way dude! You can actually make more come out! I can't wait to be
older like you now. Oh, by the way, this stuff that comes out of us when we
do this tastes really good. Here, lick some off of me." Rachel said as she
moved her pussy close to Faith's face. Faith licked her pussy clean.

"You're right this does taste good. Smells good too. Go ahead and lick mine
off."

"With pleasure." Rachel said as she moved her face to Faith's pussy with a
smile. She licked her friend off and they sat up.

"So, what did you think Faith? Would you do it again?"

"Yeah I would. But one tip of advice: Don't just shove things up inside
you. You'll want to keep yourself nice and tight down there. I mean it's
nice being able to shove my iPhone inside of me, but your pussy looks so
much better than what mine does."

"Okay. So, I've been meaning to tell you this: I love you Faith. Not like
as a friend or even as a sister, but like a girlfriend, you know?"

"Yeah. I feel the same about you. I guess we should put our clothes on
now."

"Yeah. Wanna go play cops and robbers again?"

"Heck yeah!"

The girls got dressed and played some more before Faith went home shortly
after. When they got their showers and went to bed, they couldn't stop
thinking of seeing each other tomorrow.

STAY TUNED FOR PART 2!

Want an email when I upload a new story? Subscribe here!
http://bit.ly/1CjoM1u

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 29: finding-her-feet 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 30 Apr 2025 09:56:58 +0000
From: Debbie L <DebbieLatham@proton.me>
Subject: Finding Her Feet

Finding Her Feet

by Debbie L


Hi there, my name is Debbie. I'm 13, and live in the South West of
England, not far from the coast. I'm an only child, and live with my mum,
Bev who's 35 and a works in a department store and my Dad, Nick, who's 37
and a mechanic


A little bit about me, I'm 4ft 11, still growing, but my boobs are a
respectable little handful now and my legs don't look bad. I'm neither
skinny nor fat, and I wouldn't be so bold as to say I'm pretty either,
but luckily, I have inherited my Mum's auburny gingery hair, (along with
her quick temper) which is currently down to my shoulders in  loose
waves, and cut into a fringe at the front. If I had to pick my own
favourite feature, this would be it.


This won't come as a surprise, I mean, look at where I'm posting this
tale, but I'm pretty sure, like 100% sure that, I like girls! You see,
for a year or so now, like a lot of sexually curious and needy young
girls, me and my best mate Samantha.


Sam, have spent many a long, pleasant afternoon or evening snogging.
Always clothed though,  but hands slipping down to cop a feel of a bum
cheek, or a squeeze of pert young breast, is always allowed, and oh fuck,
I love it when our legs tangle. Allegedly this is carried out as practice
for when we get boyfriends,  (being in an all girls grammar school, not
many fellas about) but, as far as I'm concerned, I'd rather kiss her
velvety soft lips and feel her tongue entwined with mine any day of the
week. And judging by the wonderful little noises she makes she's not
complaining either.


She's taller than me, blonde, and unlike me, is utterly fucking
gorgeous!!! Blue eyes, perfect lips, perfect perkly little b cup tits
that just cry out to be looked at, long slim legs the cutest pert bottom
ever, and a smile that would melt the ice caps. Yes, you guessed it, I
kinda wanna shag my best friend into the middle of next week. Seeing her
naked and dripping in the school showers twice a week isn't helping
either!!! I can't tell you how many times I've imagined dropping to my
knees on the wet tiled floor, and just burying my face between her
thighs. She has the prettiest little mound, with a light coating of soft
blond curls, and a tight little slit that I'm just aching to touch and
taste. A girl can dream.....right?


It's September now, we've just started the third year of secondary
school, and over the holidays, Sam did actually have her first dalliances
with a boyfriend, a pleasant lad of 16, so our little trysts have been on
hold. That turned out to be a summer fling, so, fingers crossed we'll be
back to normal on that score soon.


On the plus side, during the hols, I did get to hang out with my cute
little cousin Lulu, who's 11, pretty as a picture, and always ready for a
kiss and a cuddle. Lucky me.


Stick with me, I promise it's going to get juicy soon, but one other
thing I found out about myself during the school hols, is, ...well, don't
think I'm weird.... please, ...but I've discovered I have a "thing" for
feet and legs....especially in tights!


I was home alone, and like most kids, couldn't resist having a snoop
around in Mum n Dads room, a quest for Birthday prezzies, as mine is in
August. What I found was so soooo much better!!


Tucked away in a box, the kind you keep family paperwork in, all neatly
filed in plastic covers was a treasure trove of old magazines. Turns out,
I've not just inherited Dads' sarcasm and taste in music, but his taste
in reading matter too. In glossy colour with titles like Leg Show, Leg
Sex, and some older vintage ones too. All of a sudden, that innocent,
gauzy piece of clothing I wore every day to school, took on a new
meaning. They were sexy as hell!!! I was down the rabbit hole, and more
than ready to explore.


Barely realising I'd done it, I'd slipped my shorts and knickers off and
settled in on the floor, leaning against my parents bed. Gently caressing
my wet, excited little ginger pussy as girl after girl filled the pages,
slim or curvy, blondes, brunettes or redheads all in slinky, sexy,
stockings and lingerie or tights. I circled my aching clit with two wet
fingers as a girl calling herself Angel in super sheer black nylons,
spreads her legs, her toes curled, her puffy glistening cunt so boldly on
display as if it was just for me....my fingers slipped down, spreading
myself open, dreaming that I was showing her my own goodies in
return..and I couldn't help but moan out loud as I plunged them deep
inside myself.


The clincher was meeting Sandi, a beanpole blonde in tan tights, and her
girlfriend Peaches, a deliciously buxom brunette in black, both topless
with exquisite 'sit up n beg' tits and omg....no...fucking knickers
anywhere between them! If you believe the cheesy blurb, Sandi and
Peaches, are two married women, who have been lovers since University,
and continue their affair with stolen, sex filled afternoons.....how
fucking perfect does that sound!?!


Pictures of them kissing had me stroking my clit again, luscious lips
pressed together. Flipping the page to a  shot of Peaches from the waist
down, legs wide, her gorgeous cunt with a darling tuft of dark curls,
spread and wet, somehow looking even more exposed by the covering of dark
nylon pressed to her. My fingers slipped back into my soaking puss as
Peaches, kneels beside Sandi, her leg lifted, her jewel like, painted,
nyloned covered toes pressed to Peaches lips as the brunettes' fingers
softly claw at the blondes' baby smooth sex.

It was the full page spread of the two girls though, both pairs of tights
ripped at the crotch, faces buried in each other in a hot 69, that really
did it!


I laid the magazine aside, bent my left leg at the knee pulling it to my
chest, as I hooked my left arm under my thigh, frantically thrusting two
fingers into my sodden gooey minge. All the while, my right palm was
exerting that delicious gentle pressure on my mons as I trapped my,
almost painfully, engorged clit between two fingers and massaged her, as
I fucked myself into oblivion. The whole scene made all the more sordidly
delightful, as I could see myself, and everything I was doing in the
mirror doors of Mum's wardrobe.


When my orgasm crashed over me, it was like being hit by a truck, my legs
stiffened, my cunt spasmed round my fingers, my body trembled as I
whimpered "fuuu...fuuckkk yesss Sam!!!!" The only image in my mind as I
came so violently was of Sam, my gorgeous  best friend, school uniform in
disarray, hair mussed, tights ripped, knickers yanked aside, as she held
my head and thrust her beautiful, peachy blonde pussy to my eager mouth!!


As the wave subsided a thought came to me. I licked my fingers clean and
scrabbled around for my discarded shorts, pulled out my phone, and
clicked my first ever lewd mirror selfie. A sweat dampened, post
orgasmically blissed out young girl, with her puffy, lust swollen little
pussy in all it's wet glory, wearing nothing but a  tiny teeshirt and
pink sneaker socks.


As I came to fully, realising I was now parched and starving, I got to
work. I carefully tidied away Dads magazines, grabbbed a towel from the
laundry basket to blot my mess off the bedside rug, liberally doused the
room in Febreeze and promised myself, that I was going to fuck my best
friend into a delicious, wet mess at the first chance I got!!! Fuck me!
After that, a glass of milk and a sandwich had never tasted so good.

______________________________________________________


Second week of term is almost done, it's Friday and Sam n me are having a
sleepover. There's a gig in town, and my Mum and Dad and Sams' parents
are going along to watch and they're all going for a curry after, yay!!!!
This is a pretty regular thing for us, but this is the first one we've
had a chance for since the holidays.


As we sit in our final class of the day I feel Sam nudge me..

"Hey" she whispered " get a load of that, Miss Duncan isn't shy is she?!"


I glance up, and sure enough,  I'm presented with a mouth watering view,
of Miss Duncans' tanned thighs and her sexy purple knickers! The colour
of a Cadbury chocolate wrapper. Sadly, she crossed her legs and hides the
treats all too quickly.


"Fuck me!" I whisper back "cute knickers"


"Perv, I knew you'd like that view" Sam shot back, grinning at me, at
which we descend into a fit of giggles.


This earns us a look from Miss Duncan along with an eyebrow raise and we
somehow manage to compose ourselves for the last half an hour of class.

Homework dished out, the bell rings, and thirty excited girls grab their
bags and stampede for the door.


"Have a good weekend girls, see you next week" says Miss Duncan in her
usually sunny tone.

"Looking forward to it already Miss" I chime back, and arm in arm,  Sam
and I head for our lockers and a weekend freedom.


We're walking home, and as we turn into her street, Sam does something
we've not done since primary school, and takes my hand in hers


"I really missed you this summer Debs", she says earnestly. "I'm so sorry
we've barely seen each other". She huddles close to me and smiles, "I've
been really looking forward to tonight"


"I missed you too, and... it's fine really. It's nobodys fault our
holidays didn't line up, and...you had Dan too" I lean up and kiss my
friends cheek. "It's all good, we'll make up for it tonight".


As we pile into her house, we're greeted by her Mum and Dad, who are busy
getting ready to leave. Apparently they're all going out for early
burgers too. No doubt to soak up some of the excessive booze we just know
is on the cards.


We busy ourselves at the kitchen table, getting the weekends homework
done and out of the way, and just as our books are closing, we get the
usual "be good girls, and don't burn the house down" as her parents leave
to walk into town.


"KFC or pizza?" Asks Sam. "I could go for either"


"KFC" I reply, "I've been craving it" (plus, pizza is too stodgy, and KFC
is always brought by Eva, a pretty blonde Polish 20 something from
UberEats, who always smiles and calls me Cute Bebby in her delightful
accent)


We've got at least half an hour to kill, so we flick on the tv and take
our usual spots on the couch to wait, me sitting properly, feet on the
coffe table, Sam lengthways with her feet on my lap. Oh god, her cute
little feet look scrumptious in her black school tights.


As we settle in to Stranger Thngs for probably the tenth time, I take a
chance and take her feet in my hands, softly massaging her soles and
arches. They're warm, soft and silky and I can already feel the heat
build between my own thighs.


"That feels rrrreally fucking lovely" Sam breathes, "this is new, I think
it should be a thing"


I giggle and blush "well you've got such pretty little feet", I manage to
whisper. "So pretty I can't believe I've never actually noticed before".


"Weirdo!" She laughs, "but God, I love ya for it" with that, Sam
stretches, languidly, allowing my hand to travel up the back of her calf.
She rewards me with "Fuuuck Debs, definitely a thing!!"


Well she hasn't pulled away, that's a good sign. I smile at my beautiful
best friend as my hands stroke, caress and baby her feet, ankles and
calves


By now, I'm squeezing my thighs together like crazy, I can tell I'm wet
and my knickers are damp. So, for the next twenty minutes, I revel in the
throbbing, squishy feeling between my legs, the feel of my best friend,
and her appreciative moans and sighs.


Sam's phone pings, a delivery update "dinner in 5!", she says,  in a
voice that's taken on a definite husky tone, that makes my cunt throb. "I
don't know what I want more, food or more of this"


"How about more of this as dessert?" I blurt back eagerly.


The object of my teen desire then performs a luxurious full body stretch
from her fingertips to her toes, her blouse riding up exposing her sexy
tummy, with just a hint of a curve. My mouth is dry and pulse is racing,
as she then stuns me, as she slips her feet under my thigh, bends her
knees and allows them to fall open.


"Oh my fucking God Sammm,  you are so ..fucking sexy" I let my hand slide
smoothly up her leg, but somehow resisting the temptation to touch her
pussy. My whole body is now shaking with excitement,  drinking in the
view of this gorgeous 13 year olds crotch, her tights stretched, her
regulation white knickers, taut across the bulge of her pudenda,  the
flimsy fabric clearly defining her tight little slit.


"There, ya little Sexpot, now you can have a good look at my knickers now
instead of Miss Duncans'"


She kneels up, grinning, "jesus I missed you" she utters again, before
sliding her hand under my skirt, fingertips dangerously close to my
sodden little gash and squeezing my thigh, she claims my lips in a soft,
delicate kiss, that takes my breath away. "Definitely, more of this
...please"


"First though...food" she declares and skips off to the kitchen to grab
plates, drinks, sauces and the like, while I wait to answer the door. Sam
has left me in a state but now I know...we're back to normal. This is my
chance.


I'm so fucking turned on by this point, my pussy is screaming for
attention and my nipples are painfully hard. In a moment of pure impulse,
I slip my skirt off and give my poor neglected little pussy a quick rub
just as the doorbell rings. Opening it up, Eva, the delivery girl is
greeted with the view of an excited, horny kid in just her blouse and
black tights, I give her my best charming toothy smile as I take the bag.


"Oooh sexxy liddle bebby today" she coos, "you having fun tonight?"


Grinning, I reply "I sure hope so. Thanks Eva." I blow her a kiss as she
turns to leave. She purses her lips and makes a kissing sound in return.
"Hey Eva" I call as she walks up the path. She turns, and I lift the
front of my blouse, brazenly showing her my knickers.


"Mmmmmm nawty little one, I hope maybe see you soon, yes?" Her voice full
of promise, that sends a tingle right through me.


She blows me another kiss, which I return, and goes back to her car as I
shut the door, and carry our dinner bag to the kitchen.


"Dinner is served My Queen" I proclaim, performing an inelegant
pirrouette and placing the bag on the table.


"Jesus H Christ! Now look who's not shy! Did you answer the door like
that? You must've given the poor girl a heart attack".


"I was feeling......brave....and wicked...and...very naughty" is about
the only reasonable answer I can give her.


Our parents are quite liberal, as long as we don't go mad, so Sam pours
us each a glass of wine from the box in the fridge to go with dinner, she
holds my glass to my lips, I take a sip, and she softly kisses me again,
this time just a tease of her tongue across my wet lips. "Well I think
you look sexy as fuck, I dunno what's got into you....but I really like
it" she breathes.


While we eat, we settle into a comfortable familiarity. We gossip about
school the usual mundane stuff and generally catch up, while watching
Youtube videos. Huddled side by side at the kitchen table, our thighs
touch, occasionally a little footsie play, or Sam will feed me gravy
soaked fries, or I'll playfully kiss the chicken crumbs off her
face....but there is an undeniable tension and sense of anticipation in
the air, it's ...palpable.


We let dinner settle for a few minutes on the couch in front of Stranger
Things, with me more than happily massaging Sams' silky smooth feet and
legs again, before she announces "I have to nip to the loo, back in a
minute" and hops off the couch and up the stairs. Damn! As Sams' Mum is
really particularly fussy about her kitchen,  I opt to tidy up and wash
the dishes, desperately trying to figure out how to move this along,
without scaring her off.


I'm up to my wrists in hot soapy water, listening to a classic rock
station, and don't hear Sam pad silently into the kitchen and come up
behind me.


Her left hand appears from behind me, depositing a bundle of white cloth
on the worktop beside me. Its her bra, the cups folded together into one,
and nestling in that cup are her knickers. My breath catches and I'm
rooted to the spot, as her right hand, moves my hair from my neck, and I
feel her breath in my ear.


"Did I tell you how much I missed you?" she breathes into my ear, as she
pulls me close from behind. I feel her perfect bare tits pressed into my
back, as she begins to unbutton my white school blouse.


"Once or...mmmm ahhhh shit...twice" I stammer, as she slips her hands
over my tits and squeezes before pushing the cups of my little bra
upwards, exposing my own apple sized boobs.


*dammit, I was supposed to be the one fucking her* my mind screams. *now
she's the one seducing me!* I feel her hips rock, grinding her mound
against my bum.


She fondles my tits, rolling my aching nipples in her fingers..."Do you
want this Babe? You n me? Do you want....Us?", her tongue lazily traces
around the shell of my ear, my knickers flood and my damn breaks.


"Y...yesss, oohh fuuckk! Yes. You're all I want Sam, I want .Uhh Us!" It
comes out as strangled sob, part arousal, part emotion, tears well as I
tip and turn my head back, searching for her lips. I'm breathing hard, my
hands still in the water grinding my arse frantically  back against her.


"Thank fuck for that, I'd have been heartbroken if you said No." Her
mouth finds mine, and we share an exquisite if awkward kiss.

 I reach behind me with wet hands, she's wearing something light and
floaty, as my wet hands glide up her smooth thighs, finding no trace of a
knicker band.


Her hands then drop to my hips and down my legs, fingernails then rake up
the backs of my quivering thighs, before grabbing a nyloned arse cheek in
each hand and squeezing.


Low moans and kissing sounds join the soundtrack from the radio as as our
lips lock, my head tipped back uncomfortably, but I'm in heaven as I feel
her touch. I somehow, manage to slip my blouse off my shoulders, and
unclasp my bra, discarding them carelessly on the kitchen floor. My body
leaning back into her.


Our lips part, and I'm finally able to turn around. She's a vision of
beauty, naked but for a loose filmy black shirt that hangs to her thighs.
(The kind you slip over a cozzie at the beach). Our eyes are locked
together, an intent, lust filled stare.  My breath catches as I go to
speak, but she places a finger on my lips


"Shhh, not now Debs, we can talk later. Right now, I want you like
fucking crazy, and I'm pretty sure you feel the same way....don't you?"


My arms slide up around her neck crossing at the wrists, a barely audible
"yessss" escapes me, just before our lips crush together.


She pulls me close, kneading my arse cheeks, as our hips rock, mound to
mound, our tongues tangling, wrestling. It's a deep, hungry, needy kiss
for both of us, no elegance, just pure, teen hormone driven lust, my body
is on fire as I lift my leg, stroking my toes up her silky bare calf. God
dammit, I'm still wearing too much and my knickers feel like a wet sponge
as she gropes and grabs at me.


I bring a hand around between us, laying my palm over her young pert
breast, her nipple trapped between my fingers, eliciting an excited gasp
from my friend and  lover. I take a breath, "fuucking hell Sam..Baby,
wh...when...did you......?"


" Debs" she purrs, "always, it...just...took me a summer to realise it"
burying her face in my neck she kisses the sweet spot below my ear as I
finally feel her reach for and tug at the waistband of my soaking tights
and knickers. "You're wearing too fucking much!!!" She growls as I feel
the fabric roll down my thighs.


"Ohh god you're soaked" Sam tells me, feeling how wet my undies are.


"Your fault. I've been aching for this", I shoot back, stroking from her
breast, down her tummy, my palm resting flat on her abdomen, as my
fingers toy with the light blonde curls I've dreamt of for so long.


She lifts onto her tiptoes, bringing my fingertips into contact with her
warm, wet flesh. Thrusting her tongue back into my mouth as my finger
strokes circles on her slick pussy lips. For the first time, I'm touching
a pussy that isn't mine, and by the way Sam's hips are rolling, I'm not
doing too bad a job. She growls into my mouth, as I curl my middle two
fingers into her tight teen twat, my thumb grazing down the engorged nub
of her clit. Spreading my thighs as far as my undies allow, she
reciprocates by cupping me, her palm massaging the top of my slit as her
fingers spread my slick puss, our tits pressing deliciously together.


Sucking my tongue as she pulls her head back, I give a mewl of
disappointment as she pulls her cunt off my fingers with an audible
"sschlurp". She grins that wonderful sunny, but this time wicked grin, as
she kneels on the tiles, yanking my tights and knicks all the way off,
discarding the wet tangle on the floor on top of my blouse and bra.


"There, much better" she whispers to herself.


I hoist my bum onto the worktop, my arms stretched back for purchase on
the window ledge, placing my toes on her shoulders, blatantly offering my
cunt to her.


"Fu..fuck me Sam, pl please" I beg. She looks up into my eyes, and drags
her lips up my wet glistening inner thighs, my juices glossing her cupids
bow lips. She's never looked so utterly beautiful.


"Ohh shit, look at that pretty kitty" I hear her moan. Laying her tongue
flat on my aching pussy, the tip damn nigh touching my arsehole, she
takes a long, lingering upward lick, humming in lust as she tastes me,
flicking her tongue over my sensitive little button, before taking two
fingers of her right hand and corkscrewing them deep into me, her left
thumb massaging my clit, her cheek brushing along my thigh.


I last a minute or maybe just a heartbeat as she finger  fucks me, before
my pent up orgasm sets me off like a firework. I'm writhing, my toes curl
behind her neck so hard that they cramp and my overstimulated cunt clamps
all the way down on her fingers in a violent series of spasms. I'm
wriggling so hard, it's all I can do to stop myself dunking my arse in
the washing up water. "Fuuuckkk yesss, yessss shiiiiit", I hear myself
yell, but from a distance, like some out of body experience.


Feeling my senses return, I slowly uncoil my legs and lower my feet to
the floor. I'm not passing out, I'm ready for more. Lifting my lover to
her feet, I pull her close, savoring the almost smug look on her face and
kiss her long, deep and slow, brushing her hair over her ear.


"Your room, now" I command her.


"Thought you'd never fucking ask" she replies, grabbing my hand and
dragging me toward the stairs.


Halfway up, I grab her thighs, from two steps below and stop her,
admiring the view of her soft arse and puckered little rosebud, before
leaning up, and covering each orb in kisses, my hand slipping between her
legs to goose her wet sex, which I've still yet to see close up.
Emboldened by her obvious horny state, I can't resist pushing my tongue
into the warm damp cleft of her backside to which she gives an excited
yelp of surprise.


"Deborah, you dirty cow, aren't you full of surprises"


She lifts one leg to keep climbing and I finally get the view I want. Her
inner thighs are wet, soaked even, her outer labia are swollen and lust
engorged, tinged a beautiful shade of dark, rosy pink, her bright pink
inner lips, wet like morning petals,  just visible.

"Ohhhhh god, ohhh fuck me" I murmur, holding her hips, I breathe in her
sexy, slightly musky scent, before dragging my tongue through her sticky
sweet folds, like I'm licking the jam and cream out of a finger donut,
Sam, reaches behind, her fingers tangled in my auburn waves pulling me
into her.


An angry tone breaks the moment, it's my phone, as we've been left and
trusted home alone, I feel duty bound to run and check it.


"Noooooo, don't stop pleeeease" Sam pleads


"Ssshit, stay....right...there, don't you fucking move" I say as I turn
back to go see.


It's just a text from Mum, making sure we're ok, and saying they'll all
be home past midnight. I check the time, it's 9.30 and fire a quick text
back telling them to have fun and don't worry about us. (Unlike Sam's
mum, who there's no word from, mine is a worrier).


As I make my way back, I realise Sam has made it to the bedroom, and the
view that greets, me will stay forever etched in my mind.


She's naked, the black shirt tossed aside, her blonde hair is tousled and
spread out across her pillow, her skin, still golden from two weeks in
Spain is bathed in lamplight. Her feet are flat on the bed, knees raised,
legs splayed rather deliciously, and she's very lazily masturbating. Her
fingers massaging her exquisite cunt.


Kneeling between her knees, I give one hard strawberry shaded nipple a
lick and a playful, gentle twist and pinch, laying my other hand over
hers, as I lean down to kiss her seductive, half open mouth, tracing my
tongue round her lips, before kissing her hard.


Leaning back, I begin to rub my own pussy. We watch each other, breathing
hard and slack jawed for a few moments, before Samantha, lifts one leg,
extending one dainty size 4 foot, and hooking her heel behind my neck,
pulling me to her crotch.


"Make me cum Deb, please, make me cum"


I don't need asking twice. I grab a spare pillow, stuffing it between my
legs for some rough comfort, before falling on her like a starving
animal. Her pussy is like molten lava, hot, oozy, syrupy, I fasten my
mouth to her slit and indulge her cunt in a long, sloppy, luxurious
french kiss as she folds her slim legs aroud me.

There's no technique, no experience, just the need to get her off. I
frantically hump at the pillow, as I lick, lap, suck and kiss at her
musky sex. When I drive two fingers into my Lover, curled to find that
magic spongy pad, my tongue flicking and flashing over her little nub,
her legs tighten, she pulls at my hair, holding me right where I want to
be


"Ri...right ..fuck.....right there. D.d...don't stop..fuuuuckk Debbbbbs"
Her body stiffens, her back arches, I'm rewarded with a flood of wetness
and her pussy giving my fingers a loving squeeze, trapping them inside
her. Her very actions trigger me again, and I cum uncontrollably on the
pillow between my legs.


She's wet in fact she's fucking drenched, we're both sweat slicked, my
face is covered in her, and in my head, I feel like I just won the FA
Cup.


I keep softly licking her folds gently as her climax ebbs away, and she
eventually eases me away, the sensitivity now too much. I crawl up to
her, collapsing, and cup her face in my my hands, kissing her eyelids,
her cheeks, her lips, sharing her exquisite flavour.


"Jesus H fucking Christ!!!" Is all she can say. But she clings to me. I
cling back, scared she'll fade away like a puff of smoke, telling me it
was all a dream.


A few minutes later, a desperate thirst and even worse need to pee, comes
over me, I tell her "back in a mo" and go to the loo before heading
downstairs to fetch us a drink.


In the kitchen, I gather up our discarded clothing and leave them at the
foot of the stairs and poor us two tall glasses of water. Planning to go
back upstairs, I see a naked, flushed, radiant Sam, enter the kitchen.
She looks like a glowing, young goddess. I go to her, bring her close and
kiss her. "How about some fresh air? It's a lovely evening".


"Sounds great", she replies, giving my arse a squeeze as I unlock the
back door.


The back yard is fenced and secluded, so I sit naked on the back step,
enjoying the cool air on my heated skin. Sam sits behind me, her legs and
arms coiled around me, her gorgeous little tits pressed against my back,
her cheek resting on my shoulder blade.


I feel her light caresses, her lips on my skin and snuggle back into her.
Then, the magnitude of what just happened hits me. I just had sex, for
the first time. Me and my beautiful best friend, just had sex for the
first time. What started out as wanting to shag my mate, I now know is
something far deeper. Like a switch being flicked, I feel emotionally,
and physically wrung out, and I fight to hold back a few tears.


"Debs, Debs are you ok?" she asks, her voice full of concern.


"Sam, we've been besties since we were seven",  I sniffle and carry on,
"and I need to ask you something and tell you a couple of things"


She strokes my hair, "go on then babes, what's on your mind"


"Is this.....is this a one off, a rebound, cos....I ...don't want it to
be. You see, I'm pretty sure", I pause for second, "no, I'm damn sure I'm
gay and now, after this, I'm damn sure too, that I'm in love with you,
but I can't face losing my best friend, if you don't feel the same way."
And with that the tears flow, and my chest heaves in giant sobs.


"Shh...shhh Baby" she clutches me tighter, I feel wetness on my shoulder
and I realise Sam, my Sam is crying too. "Debs, it's so not a one off, I
promise you that. I don't know why I had to have that stupid little fling
with Dan. I think it was just something I had to at least try." She
kisses my shoulder, and takes a breath. "First, I kinda guessed. The
amount of lads that have asked you out. You've always found a reason to
say no, yet you're more than happy to spend an afternoon snogging with
me."


I snort, and half laugh, "I thought I was doing so well at hiding it."


"I'm your best friend Debs, I know you. And second, and I'm should've
told you this ages ago.....I'm pretty sure I'm in love with you too.
Every time I was with him, I thought of you, and wished to hell I was
with you."


I raise her hand to my lips, and kiss her fingers. "I'm knackered, can we
clean up and go to bed? We can spend the day together tomorrow"


"Sure Love, c'mon then"


She stands and helps me up, drawing me close for a deep, unhurried french
kiss. We quickly finish tidying the kitchen, while dancing naked to the
radio, often touching, always smiling.


I carry our laundry upstairs, while Sam locks up and turn out the lights.
Brushing our teeth and cleaning up, there are no words, none are needed,
but there is always at least one part of us, in physical contact with the
other.


Sharing a bed for us is the norm, but we both slip on oversized tees
before sliding into bed together. My girl, nestled behind me, as I assume
the role of the Little Spoon. It's barely 11.00pm, early for two 13 year
old girls on a Friday, but the need for sleep soon overcomes us.


"I love you Sam, so much", it comes out as a half yawn, but she hears it
and laughs.


"I love you too Debs,  I always have."


She kisses my shoulder and we both drift away.


I'm awakened by the crash of the front door, and the sound of two, happy,
tipsy adults coming home, trying, and failing to be quiet about it. My
phone says it's 12.40, and I'm about to close my eyes again, when I feel
a smooth leg,  drag teasingly along my own, fingertips stroking my arm,
and her warm breath in my ear


"Hey, hey Debs, are you awake?" I can feel her squirm behind me, a warm
hand slips up my teeshirt and squeezes my boob.


"Yeah, I'm here" I reach back to squeeze her hip that familiar warmth
already building between my legs.


"Wanna practice kissing some more? I think I need it."


I roll over with a lustful growl and pull her close, and for the second
time tonight......I do not...need asking....twice.


The End


 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 30: fine-old-time 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 17 Jun 2008 23:13:02 +0200 (CEST)
From: Teresa Yam <trevor@maytum.fsnet.co.uk>
Subject: A FINE OLD TIME (Category: Lesbian/Young Friends)

As a departure from my usual MO, I have presented this story in a bawdy
style typical of the Victorian era -- at least, that was my intention.  One
can only try these things...

This story is based on an erotic story published in a Victorian era journal
titled "The Pearl".


A FINE OLD TIME


The first four years of school passed uneventfully and during that time I
was only in one serious scrape, which I will relate as it led to my first
taste of the birch.

Miss Bunt was a fair-minded and kind schoolmistress and only had to resort
to personal punishment for the most serious offences. She decided upon this
not lightly and only when she was convinced that to withhold punishment
would be to the detriment and well-being of her flock. In other words if
she detected something untoward in a pupil, something that was likely to
affect their character for the worse in later years, she would nip things
in the bud before they had a chance to fester.

I was almost eleven years old when I discovered my gift for
caricaturing. This particular `talent' was mainly honed while in the
classroom at school. One of our governesses, Miss Pennington, a bit of an
old crab of about forty-five, inspired my inclinations as an artist with
her comic features and mannerisms.

These little sketches would be covertly passed around under the desks for
the collective amusement of my fellow pupils. I was quietly pleased with my
efforts, and a number of admonishments from Miss Bunt for inattention to
the lesson in hand had little to no effect on dampening my enthusiasm for
doing it.

One afternoon Miss Bunt had fallen asleep at her desk, she quite often did
this after she had set us some work to get on with. But you had to be
careful, she had the uncanny knack of waking up at just the right (or
wrong) time. How she managed it was a constant source of amazement among
us.

On this occasion I had seized the opportunity to make a couple of very
cheeky sketches. The first one depicted Miss Pennington sitting on a
chamber pot, obviously in the throes of relieving herself; while the second
was in a rural setting. This showed the old crab stooping down in a field
showing her fat backside, her skirts having been raised and her
undergarments lowered while she once again answered a call of nature.

The first girl I showed them to, Anne Butcher, who sat alongside me, almost
collapsed laughing. She had great trouble controlling herself and with the
effort of holding it in, so as not to waken Miss Bunt, her face went so red
I was certain she would burst a blood vessel. I'd never witnessed such a
reaction to my drawings before and I must say I felt greatly complimented
by it.

Two other girls were so anxious to see the cause of Anne's amusement, they
too were peering over my shoulder to look at my slate. They burst into loud
guffaws immediately and before I could do anything about it, Miss Bunt had
woken up and was on her way over to where we were causing the commotion. I
was about to start rubbing my slate clean when she said:

"No, don't do that, Emily. I'd very much like to see just what it is that's
causing you girls such amusement.."

There was a deathly silence, even Anne Butcher had managed to recover
herself. But inside I sensed that this time I'd really gone too far.

"Hmm, very interesting, Emily. If only you could apply yourself to your
lessons with the same gusto and attention to detail..." She clapped her
hands together. "Now you lot...back to your places -- chop-chop!" Miss Bunt
smiled at me. "I wonder what Miss Pennington would think of this?"

"At least you knew who it was meant to be, miss."

"Your cheek is not becoming of you, Emily. I'm going to have to punish you
severely. I have let you get away with this sort of thing far too long. I
have no choice but to take action. Now clean your slate. Lord knows what
Miss Pennington would think if she saw this. Now come with me."

Miss Bunt led me out of the classroom and took me to Miss Pennington's
office. Susan, the servant girl was dusting around the shelves.

"I'm afraid this young lady must be punished for her effrontery, Miss
Pennington," said Miss Bunt. "She has been above herself once too often. I
won't tell you exactly what she has done, but suffice to say she has
insulted a loyal and trusted member of staff.

"Susan? Would you fetch my birch rod, please. I must administer punishment
while my blood is hot, as I am normally too forgiving and fear I may let
her off if I wait too long."

I threw myself on my knees, in a fit of peak, appealing for leniency. But
Miss Bunt had well and truly made up her mind.

"You should have thought of the consequences before you drew such shameful
things. The very idea of one of my young ladies being capable of such a
thing is abhorrent to me. These prurient ideas cannot be allowed to settle
in your mind for an instant. I must beat them out of you!"

Miss Pennington, with a grim look of satisfaction, now took me by the
wrist, just as Susan, a stout, strong girl of about twenty appeared with
what looked to me a fearful big bunch of birch twigs neatly tied up with
red velvet ribbon.

"Now, Emily," said Miss Bunt, "kneel down, confess your deed and kiss the
rod," taking the bunch from Susan's hands, and extending it to me as a
queen might her sceptre to a supplicant subject.

Anxious to get over the inevitable and make my punishment as light as
possible, I knelt down with real tears of penitence and begged her to be as
lenient as her sense of justice would allow. I knew I deserved what was due
me but that didn't make it any easier too bear. I would take care in future
not to insult Miss Pennington again, whom I was very sorry to have
caricatured so cruelly. I kissed the rod, resigning myself to the fate that
awaited me.

"Ah, Miss Bunt!" said Miss Pennington, "I see how quickly the sight of the
rod brings repentance."

"And so it should, Miss Pennington. In fact I think the disgrace of having
the birch far outweighs any physical discomfort for the offender, don't
you?"

"I agree entirely, Miss Bunt. Now, would you mind if I made myself
comfortable while you proceed?"

"It will be a pleasure, Miss Pennington. Please...be seated..."

Miss Bunt turned to me.

"Now, you impudent scribbler, lift your clothes and bare your behind!
Seeing as that part of the anatomy is a pet subject of yours, let's see if
you're as keen on showing your own as illustrating somebody else's."

I lifted my skirts and was then ordered to open my drawers also. My hands
were shaking terribly as I fumbled with the stays, but I managed to do as
requested. Between them, Miss Bunt and Susan then pinned up my dress and
petticoats as high as my shoulders and I was told to lie across a
desk. Susan then stood in front of me, clasping both my hands so tightly
she pinched the skin. The French governess, who had been called in to
assist, then came across to us. She spread my legs apart and held them
there. I was helplessly spread-eagled and I knew what an immodest spectacle
I must have presented. How my face burned with shame!

Miss Bunt flourished the rod with no little enthusiasm for the task
ahead. She made it hiss through the air in a show of mock demonstration and
I heard a few titters from my select audience.

"Now, Emily, let this thrashing you are about to receive be a caution to
you. You have behaved despicably and deserve to be made an example of. You
can count yourself lucky I haven't invited the rest of the class in to
witness your humbling. I hope after we have finished you will apply your
talents in a more positive and fulfilling direction."

And with that little speech she began to lay into me.



The bunch of birch twigs whistled through the air and struck my bottom with
a terrifying force. Miss Bunt wasted no time in following this up with
another, and another, and another in a sustained attack that seemed to go
on and on. The strikes felt so vindictive and cruel I was sure I would
bleed. All my affection and tender feelings toward Miss Bunt were suddenly
in disarray. How could she be so cruel? And to make a spectacle of me. I
pleaded for mercy but she ignored me and pressed on.

Each resounding swish and crack was met my an accompanying gasp of
amazement from my audience as I stoically bore each and every stroke meted
out by Miss Bunt.



"I hope I'm getting through to you," she said, resting a moment to catch
her breath. "Your backside is becoming quite flushed. You see, Miss
Pennington, Yvette, Susan..? Look what happens when a bottom is thoroughly
chastised. Do I not have a fine aim?"

There were titters again.

I felt my resolve weaken and started to wriggle against the hands that
still held me in position. "Please, miss, won't you stop now? I don't think
I can take much more."

"Nonsense! I haven't done with you yet. I will let you know when you've had
enough. Now keep still."

Miss Bunt, having rested, now went back to her work with renewed vigour. I
turned and caught a glimpse of her face which usually had a pale, calm
complexion. It was now highly flushed with excitement and a dribble of
spittle ran from the corner of her mouth. Her eyes glittered with what can
only be described as wanton lust. I didn't realise it at the time of
course, I was too young to understand such subtleties. It's only in
hindsight that I have come to that conclusion.

It was at this point I must have fainted for I remember nothing more till I
woke up in bed with a very tender, hot and tingling backside. It was almost
a fortnight before the marks of that thrashing faded completely. I hadn't
realised that dear, sweet Miss Bunt could be so cruel, but then I guess she
really did want me to learn from my mistake.

I didn't dare err again and I made a conscious effort to apply myself fully
to my studies, something that didn't go unnoticed by Miss Bunt who was
quite proud of my improvement. She showed me her appreciation whenever we
were alone together by hugging and kissing me and I couldn't help but
forgive her all that had gone before.

She would make me quite overcome with her generous compliments and
caresses. I also had the total admiration of all my fellow pupils for
enduring such a thrashing. I had somehow become a heroine in their eyes.





When I was twelve I acquired a jolly bedfellow, Alice. She was only two
years older than me but appeared far more mature than her years. She seemed
to know so much about the world. She was a beautiful girl, fair haired and
fair-skinned with a plump figure, large sensuous eyes, and flesh as firm
and smooth as ivory. I was totally in love with her and she seemed to take
a fair fancy to me also. On only the second night we slept together (we had
a small room to ourselves). She kissed and hugged me so lovingly that I
became all hot and confused. She took such liberties with me that it fair
took my breath away and I felt my face was covered with burning blushes as
her hot kisses on my lips and the wandering of her hands across the most
private parts of my person made me all agitated and breathless.



"How you shake, dear Emily," she said. "Are you afraid? There's really no
need. Why don't you touch me in the way I have been touching you?"

I began to reciprocate, noticing as I did how her muscles contracted when I
touched the different parts of her body. Her limbs moved in direct response
to my advances, as if leading me on, showing me I was moving in the right
direction. How delightful and exciting it all was. I began to realise the
meaning of some of the things Miss Bunt had taught me during the time we
had been alone during the previous year.

"Put your tongue in my mouth, it is a great inducement to love and I do
want to love you so, dear Emily. Give me your hand. Put it here. Can you
feel the hair around my fanny? Now rub your finger just here, won't you?"

Her ribald dialogue seemed to fire me with such passion. I'd never felt so
alive before.

And thus she introduced me to the gentle art of mutual frigging. This was a
life-changing revelation to me. I had heard stories from other girls about
the joys of touching oneself. But never about touching and caressing
another person there.

Her fingerings made me tremble and fired my blood, and the way she sucked
my tongue was indeed delicious. I felt her body suddenly arch and stiffen
and she moaned so terribly I thought I had hurt her. My finger was wet with
a sticky substance. I thought she had wet the bed, but this was not so. She
then covered me with kisses for a moment before lying still and gathering
her breath.

"What is it, Alice? What happened to you? Did I hurt you?"

"Oh, no, no, my sweet, sweet girl," she said. "You were just wonderful. I
just need to rest a moment and then I will do something for you."

When she started on me I begged her to push her fingers right up. She
faithfully obliged and I then lay back while she frigged me deeply and
deliciously until a wonderful sensation started building inside me. In no
time at all my body was arching against her thrusting fingers and a melting
feeling drained away like liquid gold from my stomach. My lover had brought
down my first maiden spend.



Next night we repeated our lascivious entertainment, only this time we were
far more adventurous. She slid down my body and started kissing me between
the legs. It shocked me at first. I didn't know what to think. I couldn't
believe how anyone could do such a thing, so daring, so naughty and
unashamedly rude. But it was wonderful, and when she put her tongue inside
me I thought I would surely explode.

She brought me once again to a delicious spend, but not just one this
time. She kept on at me until I felt two more convulsions come in quick
succession so that my body shuddered from head to toe and left me weak. It
was simply wonderful.

When I had recovered she asked me if I would like to do the same to her,
but I told her I wasn't quite ready for that yet. The truth was, I was just
a bit scared of what to expect when kissing a girl down there. But she
called me a spoilsport and a tease and started tickling me and making me
wriggle about. She sat on top of me, almost on my chest and really gave my
ribs a terrible tickling. It got me all hot and annoyed, but excited as
well. She kept on advancing up my body, bit by bit. She was very strong and
determined and I couldn't get her off me. Soon she was right up to my face
and I could feel her fanny hair tickling my chin. She sort of teased me
with it, grinding herself against me. I could smell her sexual odour as she
brought herself closer and closer. I was feeling very worked up. Soon she
was right over my mouth and I felt the wetness against my lips.

"Come on, Emily...Do it...Like I did for you."

And then my tongue was inside her swimming like a little fish. She tasted
kind of savoury and sweet at the same time. It's difficult to explain, but
it certainly wasn't as nasty as I thought it might be. In fact it was
actually quite nice when you got used to it and I loved the way her body
responded to my different lickings. Very soon she was crying out and
soaking my face with her wetness. She dug her fingernails into the back of
my head while she rode my face like a rocking horse. I could hardly
breathe.

When it was all over we kissed and cuddled and said sweet things in each
other's ear. I was feeling a wonderful sense of calmness as we lay in each
other's arms. It was like nothing before. Soon we were in a deep and
peaceful sleep.

   ...to be continued... (if enough interest)

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 31: first-lesbian-experience 
---------------------------------------- 
From: bj00000@aol.com (BJ00000)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: 1st lesbian experience bj 1/2
Date: 8 Feb 1996 22:33:59 -0500
Organization: America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Lines: 42
Message-ID: <4fefb7$1h5@newsbf02.news.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: newsbf02.mail.aol.com
X-Newsreader: AOL Offline Reader

      This is a story about the first time I had sex with another
woman. I too am a woman. If this offends you please read no
further. Judy and I had been friends since we were little girls.
We hung around together, double dated, and shared our experiences
with each other. We had apartments in the same building.
     One Saturday I walked down the hall to Judy's place to spend
time with her. Little did I know what would happen that special
afternoon. When I arrived at Judy's apartment I let myself in as
I always do. I walked toward the kitchen and was about to call
out when I noticed her sleeping on the couch. She was nude and
laying on her back. One of her hands was between her legs,
rubbing her pussy. I just stood and watched her play with herself
for a few minutes. Seeing her slowly masturbating in her sleep
somehow turned me on. I felt that familiar tickle between my own
legs as she rubbed and probed herself.
     I had on only a robe with nothing underneath so I reached
down and rubbed my  own crotch just a little. It felt good so I
did it again. Judy seemed fast asleep but for her hand movement
so I continued to rub and play with myself while standing over
her, watching her. I could feel myself getting very wet between
my legs as I slid my fingers back and forth in my slit. It felt
so good and I was getting so turned on that I couldn't stop,
though I knew I should.
     I then stuck first one finger, then two, into my wet hole.
As I inserted the third finger into myself  I gasped at the
pleasure. I saw Judy's eyes open and a wave of sudden
embarrassment swept over me. I wanted to run and hide, but I just
froze, standing there with my fingers deep inside me, still
probing, as if they had a mind of their own. I felt uneasy that I
was this turned on from watching another woman, my best friend,
masturbating.
     Judy just smiled at me and I noticed she was still rubbing
herself too. In fact I saw she was doing it harder. She whispered
for me to come closer, and I did, walking toward the couch with
my hand still working at my wet and hot pussy. When I got close
she reached out with her free hand and pulled me down to a
kneeling position next to her. Then she pushed the robe from my
shoulders and I let it slip to the floor. I was now naked like
her.


bj00000@aol.com bj
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 32: first-love 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 07 Oct 2005 21:38:59 +0100
From: susan kendrick <suzie_xx@hotmail.co.uk>
Subject: First Love

This fictional story describes explicit consensual sex between teenage
girls. If you are likely to find this subject offensive, or if you are not
old enough to read such material where you live then do not read any
further.

You are welcome to keep a copy of this on your computer for your own
enjoyment but do not re-publish or distribute it in any form without the
express permission of the author who retains the sole copyright in the
material.  (suzie_xx@hotmail.co.uk)

Subject code  ff

First Love -  by Susie XX

I was on a girls' night out a few weeks ago and the subject came up of
first loves. Several of the girls gave their stories of their first
boyfriends and the embarrassing or romantic things that happened on their
first dates. It came to my turn and I hesitated, trying to decide whether I
should tell them the real story of my first love or whether I should tell
them of my first romance with a boy. They are two distinctly separate
things believe me but in the end I told the boy story as this fitted the
expectations of the slightly tipsy girls.

My real first love preceded the boy by over a year. It started on a holiday
with my parents when I was just 14. We were staying at a dreary caravan
park near Poole on the south coast of England. It was the hot, dry summer
of 1992 and the grass about the camp was scorched and the normally muddy
fields were cracked and parched.

The evenings remained warm so that our coats and jumpers never left the
caravan all fortnight. Even the nights were warm enough for us not to want
duvets or covers, perhaps just a sheet to preserve some modesty. All in all
very un-British weather which was good as most of my friends were heading
to Spain or France with their parents, and at least I got a comparable tan.

My younger brother, at 10, spent all day, every day at a club run for the
children and we saw very little of him except at mealtimes. Mum and Dad
just wanted to laze on the beach all day getting darker and darker
brown. For me though, it was a little boring. I was too old really for the
children's club, although technically at 14 I could have gone, but I was
through puberty and felt more a teenage girl rather than a child. There was
a disco in the evenings for those 16 and over but I seemed to be at the
awkward age group that just wasn't catered for at all.

By the third day I'd had enough of the beach and one more day laying on a
sun-bed all day and taking occasional dips in the sea was too boring to
contemplate. So I told my parents I wanted to go for an all-day horse trek
that was available at a discount to residents. They gave me 20 which was
enough for the ride and to buy a meal, ice creams etc on the way. Mum and I
had a disagreement about what I should wear, she saying I needed jeans, but
I insisted on a sun-dress as it was too hot for jeans. She said "Well,
don't blame me if your thighs get chapped and your bum is sore!'

On their way to the beach my parents took me to the stables where there was
already a queue of 7 or 8 other girls waiting for the trek, but there were
plenty of horses being readied in the yard. I arranged to meet Mum and Dad
at the caravan at about 4.00pm when we were due to get back. They got in
the car and headed for their usual place on the beach. The girl in front of
me in the queue was slightly older, probably nearer 15 than 14 but chatted
excitedly about the horses. Like me, she had never ridden before and was
bubbling with excitement at the prospect. We watched as some were being
very frisky, one rearing up onto its back legs and tossing its head from
side to side. I said to the girl "I hope I don't get that one!"

"Me neither!" she answered turning to look at me for the first time and
laughing. "My name's Melanie but call me Mel, everyone does."

"OK hi Mel, I'm Tina, its short for Christina but don't dare call me that,
I hate it!" She was a pretty girl with long, fair, curly hair tied up with
a scrunchy. My hair was also long but straight and quite deep ginger in
colour, almost red, and it hung down to the middle of my back. The stable
girls came over to the queue and led the first 6 girls over to where the
horses were being saddled. We watched them being helped into the saddles,
shown how to hold the reins and so on and we squirmed with anticipation
that it would be our turn soon. There were now 5 of us waiting but then the
stable girl came back and we were told there were only 6 horses going out
today. Many of the horses were just not liking the heat or the hard ground
and were playing up so they weren't going out. The horses were already
being unsaddled and we were all desperately disappointed and wandered sadly
out the yard.

Some of the girls ran back towards the camp but Melanie and I sat on the
verge by the road. She was crying a little and I put my arm round her to
comfort her.  "Don't worry" I told her, "We could try again another day
maybe. It would be hot anyway sitting on a horse in this heat all day."

"What are you going to do now?" she asked, "Are you going to find your
parents?"

"I haven't really thought about it. I don't think I could face another day
sitting on the beach. What about you?"

"Well mine have gone on a boat trip somewhere and have probably already
left. I hate boats anyway. Shall we see what else is going on at the camp?"

"Yes I suppose we could. Or else we could get a bus along to that leisure
park with all the flume tubes and stuff"

"Oh wow yes, that looks really cool." We walked back to the camp entrance
and looked at the bus timetable. There was one due in 15 minutes so we ran
to our respective caravans, stuffed our swimming costumes and towels in a
bag and ran back to the bus stop. We stood there panting and of course the
bus was 7 minutes late so we needn't have run. Finally we arrived at the
leisure park about 11.00am, paid our entrance fee at the pool and went into
the changing rooms. The area was filled with mums drying young girls and
kids running around. We shared a changing cubicle and stripped off our sun
dresses and underclothes and rummaged in the bags for our costumes. As we
straightened up I looked at her naked body for the first time.

She was gorgeous. Her breasts were small like mine; probably a B cup, and
her nipples were standing out firm with the sudden exposure to cool air. My
eyes went down to her bush which, like her hair, was fair and curly and
gave the impression it wasn't very thick.  She had trimmed it to a nice
neat triangle. Mine was a horrible bright ginger and hadn't grown beyond a
neat tuft so didn't need trimming to the panty line yet. I suddenly became
a bit embarrassed looking at her like this but when I looked at her face
her eyes were taking in my body too and her mouth gaped open. I think she
must have felt me looking at her and looked up quickly. We both laughed at
our blushing faces.

"Wow, you're gorgeous," she said softly.

"Mmmm you too, sorry if I stared though."

"Me too, but actually I don't mind you looking if you want to. It's kind of
nice."

"OK thanks, and you are welcome to look too but I think we'd better get our
cossies on and get in the water."

We shared a locker and played on the flume tubes for about two hours before
we decided to fill our tummies with some food. We showered with our
costumes on to get the chlorine smell off, then got our towels and clothes
out of the locker and went in the same cubicle as before. (I recognised the
graffiti!) After drying our hair and arms we both slipped our wet costumes
off and wrung them out a bit. We were facing each other while we towelled
ourselves and were quite openly watching each other as we dried our breasts
and between our legs.  She put one foot up on the seat to dry her leg and I
caught a glimpse of her labia. She saw me looking, smiled and deliberately
opened her legs more which opened the lips slightly to reveal the pink area
beneath. She looked down at my groin area as if to say can I see yours?

I put one foot up too and opened my legs while I dried them. Once again her
mouth dropped open. I brought both hands to the top of my thigh and using
my two thumbs I pulled my labia apart, giving her an unrestricted view of
my vulva. She put down her towel and opened herself up too. "God you're
beautiful" I whispered and then mouthed "can I touch?" She smiled, nodded
and reached over and took one of my hands, folding all but my index and
middle fingers and placing those two between her legs, slipping and dipping
below her lips onto the warmth of her smooth vulva. Reaching back a little
I could feel the dip of her vaginal entrance and slid my fingers in just a
centimetre or two to the first knuckle. There was a warm wet feeling in
there that seemed to invite me further in but like me her hymen was there
at the entrance warning me off. I again let my fingers slide up her folds
to where there was loose skin that I could pull towards me, and moving my
fingers apart I could see the shiny pink pearl of her clit. I touched it
gently and she recoiled away from me with the electric shock it must have
sent through her. This left me holding up two glistening fingers which we
both giggled about. I put them into my mouth to see how it tasted, smacked
my lips and smiled to say I liked the taste and then wiped my fingers on my
towel.

She held out two fingers of her own and looked down then up into my eyes
again, raising her eyebrows quizzically in another silent question. I
nodded and guided her fingers deep in my slit as she had done with me. The
feeling was indescribable and I put my hand over hers to press them against
me harder. She moved closer to me until our breasts bumped together and I
opened my eyes to see her face just inches from mine. Our lips seemed to be
drawn together and finally met in a gentle soft kiss. Just then someone
rattled the door and we both jumped violently and she snatched her fingers
away from my pussy. "Are you going to be long?" a disembodied voice
called. "N-no just a few minutes" said Melanie, finding her voice quicker
than me. We dressed in a big hurry, realising we had been there ages.

I treated her to a burger and we wandered outside into the sun still
drinking our Cokes.  There was a multi-screen cinema there and we wandered
over to see what was on. "We don't really have time to see a film do we?"
she asked.

"No I have to be back by 4.00pm and its gone two already. Anyway it's too
nice to be in a cinema. Shall we walk back to the camp?"

"Wa-alk? God its miles!" Melanie almost choked on her Coke.

"`It's only about 2 miles, we'll be there in an hour." Reluctantly she
nodded and we held hands to cross the busy A road. There was a footpath the
other side that led in the direction of the caravan park which we thought
would cut off a big chunk of the distance and we still held hands as we
walked along. "Wow, that was sexy what we did back there wasn't it!" she
said, obviously referring to the changing room incident.

"Yes, was it ever! We were both getting a bit wet I think."

"A bit?!! I was soaked. I still am too; it just keeps on leaking whenever I
think about it."

"Oooh, can I feel?"

"Not here sexy, it's too open. Let's find somewhere a bit more private and
you can have a feel I promise. I get to feel you too though!"

We giggled, feeling very naughty, and skipped along still holding
hands. The path kept getting further from the road and after crossing a
stile it went through a field of bright yellow flowered rape seed crop. The
crop was taller than us, and although the path was a good metre across at
the bottom and nicely clear to walk, the tops almost came together to form
an arch. It was quite spooky but it was nice to get out of the hot sun for
a while.  We ran through the arched corridor for a long way but it seemed
to go on for ever. We stopped for breath. I looked both ways along the path
but we seemed to be the only people in the county of Dorset out walking
that hot afternoon. "Hey, it doesn't come much more private than this" I
said with my eyebrows raised in a sexy look.

She knew exactly what I wanted. "Oh go on then you sexy girl". She stood
invitingly with her feet a little apart. I slid my hand up her thigh until
I felt her panties and slid the flat of my hand over her crotch. I felt the
dampness in the material below her vagina.

"Feel inside the panties, it's even wetter there!" she encouraged. I put my
finger under the material and it was sticky with her wetness. I pushed my
knuckle upwards through her lips into her vagina and could feel it still
oozing out of her. "Ooh Tina that feels so good, don't stop."

"Oh wow this is so erotic. Let me get to you properly." I pulled her
towards me and slid my hands over her bottom until I found the elastic of
her knickers and tucked my thumbs inside, drawing them over her cheeks and
letting them fall down her legs.  She bent down and lifting each leg in
turn pulled the wet panties off her feet and tucked them into her swimming
bag with her towel and costume. "God if my mum could see me now she'd give
me such a smacking!" she remarked.

I pulled her to me again and slipped my hand underneath her body opening
her labia. I covered my fingers in her juices and smeared them over her
smooth vulva and pressed one finger each side of her hard little clit. She
put her hands round my neck and held on for dear life while I circled her
clit. I only did this a few minutes when she started kissing my face until
she found my mouth and kissed me hard pressing her tongue into it. She
breathed hard as she broke the kiss and her face was red and contorted, her
eyes wide and wild. "Christ Tina I'm going to cum!" Her vulva pressed down
on me in waves of pleasure and she threw her head back as she went over
into a massive orgasm and yet more wetness ran from her onto my hand. Her
knees just buckled suddenly and she fell backwards, her hands around my
neck pulling me with her. We fell into the crop, bending the woody plants
back and snapping some with loud cracks but they broke our fall.

"My god Mel, that must have been a hell of an orgasm!"  I laughed. I had
been masturbating for some time and had reached orgasms before but nothing
as intense as she had apparently just achieved. Her eyes were glazed and I
don't think she could speak but she nodded weakly. "The farmer's going to
kill us if he sees his crop!" I said and she managed a laugh. She still had
her hands round my neck and pulled me in for more kisses. Slowly she got
her senses functioning again and said "Right Tina, my sweet, now it's your
turn!"

I leaned forward and looked up and down the footpath, but couldn't hear or
see anyone anywhere near so I laid back into the plants again while she
stood a little bit unsteadily and pulled off my panties in one quick
movement. She smelt at the wet crotch of the flimsy garment and smiled
before tucking it in her bag with hers. She held my legs apart and she
knelt between them, her face no more than 6 inches from my pussy.  "Oh wow,
you are just so beautiful down there" she said. She brought both her hands
to me, holding my inner lips wide apart with one hand and repeating what I
had done to her a few minutes earlier, making my clit wet and pulling the
rubbery flesh in tight circles round it.  The stimulation was too great for
me to last long and the orgasm was building rapidly inside me. To my
surprise she leant her head towards me and licked rapidly on my exposed
clit. This sent me spinning into the wildest, most intense feelings I had
ever experienced. My back arched and Melanie had a job to keep her mouth on
my clit. The feelings were too strong and I cried out with a mix of
pleasure and pain to relieve the pressure in my body, and then I blacked
out.

I awoke to Melanie shaking me saying "Wake up Tina there's people coming."
Adrenalin started to flow as I struggled back into the world. She held my
hands, pulling me forward, and I struggled up holding on to her as my head
started to spin again. I looked down the path between the yellow crop, and
indeed there were two people walking towards us from the same direction we
had come, still a long way off fortunately. We grabbed our bags and walked
the opposite direction, slowly at first but faster as I the strength
returned to my legs. We started sniggering as we put distance between us
and the couple, and soon were laughing loudly at our crazy
antics. Eventually we got to a stile and then could see the caravan park
over a grassy field.  The footpath led by a corner of the park but the
fencing had a well worn gap that we squeezed through.

It was now 3.30pm, and we walked through the rows of similar-looking
caravans searching for either of ours. We found hers first and she let us
in with the key from her bag. It was stifling hot inside like walking into
an oven, and we went round opening all the windows. We sat down on the L
shaped sofa in the lounge and cuddled each other then kissed deeply. "God
Tina I love you!" she whispered.

"I love you too Mel, you're really great. Where did you learn to do that?"

"What?"

"You know, what you did with your tongue on me."

"I think I read about it in a teen magazine as to what boys do to their
girlfriends when they have oral sex and I just wanted to try it. Was it
good?"

"Good doesn't even come close, it nearly blew my head off!" We both
laughed.

"Yes I noticed you had a little orgasm!"

"Little?!!!" We laughed loudly.

"I thought I'd killed you for a moment; you went out like a light. Then I
saw that couple on the path and I couldn't wake you to start with. I was
pulling your dress down to make you respectable and was going to say you'd
fainted."

"Well next time I'm going to do that to you and see how you like it! There
will be a next time won't there?"

"There'd better be!"

"I'd love to do it again, now actually, but your parents will be back any
minute and I'd better be getting back anyway. Are you going to the ballroom
later? No doubt my parents will go and play bingo. I'll have to look after
little Peter."

"Yes my parents normally spend the whole evening there too. Maybe we can
sneak away to the caravan for a while!" I kissed her goodbye and ran back
to my caravan. My parents were already there. I told them about the horses
and what we had been doing all day (the leisure park I mean, not the other
stuff!) and they didn't seem worried. In fact they were pleased I'd found a
friend to go out and about with as they thought I was getting a little bit
bored with the beach. Mum made us some dinner and we took turns showering
for the evening and it was only then I found I wasn't wearing any
knickers. I remembered Melanie had put them in her bag earlier. With only a
short summer dress on I hoped I hadn't been giving my parents any glimpses
of my bits. We went to our rooms to change for the evening but I decided to
keep the same dress on as it was another warm night.

As predicted, my parents wanted to go across to bingo, so we went and sat
at the side of the ballroom. Dad got his usual pint of beer, a G&T for mum,
and soft drinks and crisps for Peter and me. The place soon filled up and
the bingo tickets went on sale. I was too young to play this so was pleased
when Mel and her family came in. She had changed and looked stunning in a
short blue skirt and white top. I grabbed her as they passed and introduced
her to Mum & Dad as my new friend and we made room for the 3 of them at our
table. The entertainment staff collected all the younger children,
including Peter, to watch cartoons and Melanie and I said we were going to
play the fruit machines while the bingo was on.

I wanted to kiss her and I could tell she was hot for me as well but there
seemed to be people everywhere that night. "Let's go back and tell them
we're going for a walk." said Melanie, to which I agreed, knowing just
where she wanted to go, and practically dragged her along by her hand. Our
parents were playing bingo and just shushed us and waved us away, but at
least they couldn't say we didn't tell them.

Outside, we started walking up between the lines of caravans and Melanie
dropped a bombshell. "My mum knows about us!"

"WHAT? What do you mean?" I gasped.

"Well before I could stop her she pulled my towel out of my bag to hang it
up to dry and two pairs of panties fell out. She picked them up before I
could get to them, felt that they were damp and sniffed them!"

"Oh my god!"

"Exactly! Well she looked at me with a serious look then sent Dad to the
shop for something we didn't really want and we had a chat. I tried to tell
her we were in a rush at the swimming pool and the panties had fallen in
the water so I shoved them in my bag.  She told me not to lie to her. She
knows the difference between chlorine water and what it was that had made
them wet! She knew damn well what we'd been doing and I had to tell her the
truth. She actually said she didn't mind. Lots of girls experiment with
other girls she said and she'd rather I did that than have unprotected sex
with boys here."

"Shit, did she tell your dad?"

"No, and I don't think she will."

"Oh fuck, we've left her talking to my mum now. I hope she doesn't mention
it. Mum will go potty!"

"I'm sure she won't. Don't worry. So what do you fancy doing now?"

"Well, now you come to mention it I feel like getting you naked and
spending the night making love with you!"

"What, after me nearly killing you earlier?"

"You bet! That's just made me sooooo horny for more!"

"Well, it just so happens my caravan is just round the next corner. I don't
know about all night but you can get me naked for an hour or so if you
want."

"Mmmm, I want!!!!!" We looked at each other then started running. She
reached the caravan just ahead of me but took an age trying to make the key
work. She was standing on the top step and I put my hand up the back of her
skirt and played with her bottom which only made it more difficult for
her. She then remembered the key was for the other door so we scrambled
along and got in this time.

The curtains were all drawn so at last I had her alone with no fear of
interruption. Her parents wouldn't get back until the bar closed! She
locked the door then turned to me. We came together slowly and put our arms
round each other. We kissed gently at first, letting our tongues play
together and then locked our mouths together tightly for several minutes
feeling our faces become as one. Another pair of knickers was getting wet;
probably two pairs if she was the same.  Our breasts were pushing together
and I felt her nipples stiffening against me and was pretty sure she must
be feeling mine too. She put her hand between our breasts cupping mine,
squeezing it and stroking to the nipple.  As our kiss finally ended I felt
both her boobs too. I had already noticed she was not wearing a bra
(actually within 3 seconds of seeing her in the ballroom!) and they were
heavenly to touch. I pulled her top over her head and her breasts bounced
briefly and settled. I held her breasts again, fondling them in my hands
and feeling the firm yet soft texture like soft rubber.

Melanie meanwhile struggled with the zip of my dress but once she got it
down my dress fell to my feet and I kicked it away. I looked for a zip on
her skirt while she unclipped my bra, but after feeling both sides I
realised that it just had elastic on the waist and I pulled in down over
her hips and off. She kicked this away too onto a chair and we stood there
in just our panties. We came together quickly and kissed some more,
jiggling our breasts together. I felt my panties being tugged down and did
the same to her and we pressed our mounds together, feeling our hair
mingling. "Let's get on my bed quick" she said a bit hoarsely, "I need
you."

Unwilling to let each other go we inched rather awkwardly along by the
kitchen area and went in the second door to her bedroom. It was small, like
they always are, but there were two single beds with a narrow aisle between
them. We fell onto the first bed and lay there for a little while kissing
and touching each others' nude body all over. I cupped her breasts, gently
at first and she put her hands on mine making me squeeze them harder.  She
closed her eyes and I continued manipulating them one way then the other,
pushing them together and then pulling and pinching her nipples. It seemed
the rougher I was with them the more she moaned with pleasure.

Then she was sitting up and seemed to be studying my breasts before
reaching out with trembling hands and brushing my nipples with her
fingertips. "They wont break you know" I joked. She smiled at me and her
eyes were shining.

"Oh Tina they are so beautiful, like a model, just so perfect. I don't want
to disturb the shape."

"You silly, they're just like yours, I want you to touch, they want you to
feel them, need you to squeeze them to make me feel good. Let me help
you. Just like at the pool I held her hands and moved them against my boobs
overcoming the resistance of her reluctance.  I held her hands and moved
them over the soft skin and pressing them in, forcing her to mould them in
her palms. I took my hands off hers and returned them to her nipples. She
suddenly leaned forward and kissed my right nipple, looked up at me as if
for approval and when I nodded she licked at the nipple then sucked them
into her mouth together with my small aureole and as much of the flesh as
she could take. I could feel her licking rapidly at the nipple with her
tongue inside her warm mouth, sending waves of tingling through my
body. She repeated it with the other nipple, rolling the first between her
fingers as she did so to keep the erect look she had created. New feelings
were flowing through me seemingly headed for my vagina where I could feel
the warm juices filling me demanding for the first time some form of
penetration that I couldn't supply.

I moved on top of her and she opened her legs wide and put her feet on my
back. I could feel her hot wet pussy on my lower stomach moving against
me. She was also feeling the advanced needs and desires of a woman from the
still developing body of a girl. I slid down her pausing to suck her
nipples till they were like little bullets. She was moaning "Do me, do me,
I'm so near." I knew exactly what she wanted and moved down her more,
kissing her stomach and cruelly making her wait for relief. She pushed my
head downwards insistently and I knew she was inwardly screaming for my
mouth on her clit.  I felt her soft hair against my cheek and I nuzzled
against it before licking over the mound and into the sweet valley between
her legs.

There was the most delicious smell of arousal, the same as I tasted on my
fingers earlier and similar to the smell I got when masturbating myself. I
held my face a few inches away from her vulva which was fully exposed with
her legs wide apart. There were fine hairs over her parted outer labia with
small particles of moisture clinging to them. She was moving herself up and
down in anticipation and more secretions were squeezing from her vagina. I
dipped my head down and plunged my tongue at her vagina, licking up the
drops that were about to run into her bum crease and then putting it right
into her as far as her hymen would allow till my nose was flattened against
her vulva.  My mouth seemed to be full of her wetness and the tangy-sweet
taste was driving me wild. I licked a large glob of her honey onto her clit
which was swollen and darker pink than before. Her inner labia were thick
and red and she was literally crying out for me to lick her clit. I put my
lips all round the clit area and sucked it and her bottom came right off
the sheets forcing me to raise my head. I lashed her clit with my tongue as
she had done to me. I could see her squeezing her boobs really hard as her
orgasm hit. She was thrashing about now and it was a difficult job to keep
my mouth on her and I replaced it with my fingers, keeping the moment going
for as long as I could. Another stream of her liquid ran out of her as
another orgasm hit even before the first had completely faded and I licked
at her clit eagerly until her body relaxed.  Her bottom sank back to the
sheet, which had a saucer-sized wet patch underneath her and several
rivulets of moisture were still running down the back of her thighs.

I crawled back over her and her hands were still squeezing at her nipples.
Her eyes had tears in them as she grabbed hold of my hair and pulled me
down to kiss her.  Her juices were spread over my face and Melanie licked
over my cheeks and chin, cleaning me a little. "Shit, Tina." She said
eventually, "Are you sure you haven't done that before? It was fucking
amazing."

"Fucking amazing eh?" said a loud voice from the door. We both nearly
jumped out of our skin and I rolled off Mel, slithering onto the floor with
a bump.  Melanie slammed her legs together and covered her boobs as I
struggled to get up. It was Melanie's mum. Talk about being caught in the
act! I picked myself up and sat down on the other bed with nothing to hand
that I could cover myself with. "Well, it's just as well it's me that came
looking for you not your Dad! I had an idea I'd find you here. If you're
looking for your clothes they're all over the lounge." I was suddenly aware
of the small room smelling of a musky scent and her mum waved her hand in
front of her nose as if the smell offended her.

"Mum what the hell are you doing here?" asked Melanie in an embarrassed
voice.

"You mean apart from finding my daughter and her friend shagging?"

I thought Id better say something. "Hey I'm really sorry; I'm so
embarrassed I don't know what to say." Some use that was, I thought, but I
was lost for words.

"Look, it's OK both of you, I'm not annoyed. I knew you two had become
friendly with each other, I hadn't realised just how friendly! Really I'm
not angry, but maybe you two should get your clothes back on then we'll
chat. And wash yourself Mel" We padded by her as she stood in the
doorway. "Oh Tina," she called after me, "You'd better wash your face too,
you stink."

The door next to Melanie's room led into a small shower-room and I washed
my face in the sink with some soap on my hands. Melanie came in with me and
washed her underneath with a flannel. "I'm really sorry Tina; they never
come back like this." She looked like she was going to cry so I hugged her
and said it would be OK. We went back to the lounge and gathered our
scattered clothing. We were soon dressed again but my panties were damp
still. Her mum gave us a few minutes then came and sat down with us.

"Look girls", she said, "Don't feel bad. I got up to all sorts of things at
your age with girls so I can't get all mad at you for doing things too. I'm
a little surprised you got so intimate so quickly but, hey, it's a
different age now"

"Thanks Mum, I really didn't think you'd come back this quick."

"Obviously!"

"Yes sorry. So why did you come back, just to catch us?"

"No sweetheart, of course not. I suspected you would both come back here to
canoodle a bit and I was going to make sure you weren't disturbed. But
something happened. We had a little win at bingo for once. About 180
pounds. It's not that much but we thought we'd all go to a club in Poole
and make a night of it. Your parents too Tina."

"But Peter's too young to take into a club." I protested.

"Well so are you two, I'm afraid, where we are going. Your mum wants you to
take Peter and put him to bed and stay there with him." I must have looked
disappointed. My pussy still needed to be taken care of but it looks as
though it would be a hand job tonight. "We thought Melanie could stay with
you too for tonight," she continued and Tina's mum and dad will stay in our
caravan when they get back so as not to disturb you in the early hours."

That was more like it!!!! "OK" we both agreed a little too
enthusiastically.  "Come on Tina let's collect Peter from the ballroom."


"Hey, hold on a moment" said her mum, pushing us back in our seats. "I know
what you two are going to get up to, and I don't mind. Just a few ground
rules first OK?" We both nodded, wondering what this was about. "Well,
first, you wait till Peter's asleep before getting frisky. Second, if you
use your parent's bed (which I bet you will) you must make it again in the
morning, and oh yes, for heaven's sake lay on a towel or you'll leave
stains like the one in Mel's bed right now!" Mel blushed to her roots and
hung her head. "Oh don't worry, it's natural. I daresay there will be
stains already but don't add yours. And finally, no love bites! OK?"

After getting our agreement to the rules she gave both our backsides a slap
as we ran out and followed us back to the ballroom. "Wow your mum is so
cool" I said, "I thought we were dead for sure. And now we can really get
naked all night!" So, yes, I got my return bout with Melanie and I even
managed to stay conscious this time! Peter was a pest and wouldn't go to
sleep for ages but once he was, we stripped off our nighties and knickers
and spent most of the night cuddling, kissing and exploring each others
bodies, making love until our pussies were too tender to even touch. By the
time Peter woke up we up getting breakfast with the double bed made and a
certain towel hanging on pegs outside the caravan, drying in the sun. And
not a hickey in sight!

We had a wonderful time the rest of the week, snatching our love at every
opportunity.  My mum did catch on later with a little prompting from
Melanie's mum but my dad never did know. Mel's family were leaving on the
Saturday while we were there for another week. There were tantrums from
Melanie when she realised and she pleaded over and over to be allowed to
stay on with us. My parents didn't mind and eventually her parents
reluctantly gave in to the pressure. My room had bunk beds and technically
Melanie slept in the top bunk. Of course, most of the time we shared my
narrow bed until we heard my parents stirring in the morning, then she
quickly climbed the wooden ladder to the top and Dad would find two little
innocent angels `asleep' when he brought in a cup of tea.

Melanie lived some 60 miles away in Bath and her parents collected her from
our house when we got home. We kept in touch by letters, and more recently
by email, all the time and we missed each other terribly. But, well, boys
started to look more interesting and before I knew it we were both dating
boys. Melanie and I still mail each other regularly with all the news, but
we've only met up once since that holiday. We did nothing more than kiss
but the old fondness was still there.

So that was it, my first love. Perhaps it was as well I stuck to the story
of my first date with a boy.


THE END

If you have any comments (good or bad), or suggestions, I would love to
hear from you. Mail me at suzie_xx@hotmail.co.uk

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 33: first-time-with-jessi 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 2 Apr 1997 17:21:11 -0800 (PST)
From:  Shannon Cyber <sexcrazedfemale@hotmail.com>
Subject: My first bisexual/lesbian encounter

Here's a little story about my first time.   I am a bisexual female, and enjoy
every minute that I am with a female.  If you don't enjoy reading this type of
material, please close your eyes, that way you don't have to see it.


My First Time With Jessi

My first time of have female/female sex was with best friend's sister Jessi,
when I was 13.  I always spent the night at their house, and had never had any
thoughts of her before that night.  Jenni, Jessi, and I were going out that
night.  Jessi liked to take us out with her because it gave her an excuse to
get out of the house and her mother gave her money to take us places.  It was
always a lot of fun because Jenni and I were 4 years younger than Jessi.

The three of us went out dancing at an under 21 dance club that night, and we
were all sweaty.  Jenni took a shower and then asked if I wanted one.  I
decided I wanted to smell nice, since I smelled like old gym socks.  I lathered
up and let the scalding hot water scorch my young skin.  I heard a knock on the
door just as I was getting out and asked who was there.  It was Jessi, she
needed to get something out of the medicine cabinet.  I told her to just come
in, so she did.  I only had a towel wrapped around me, and it slid off, just as
she was turning to leave the bathroom.  She reached down and picked it up, but
before she could get all the way up, her tongue reached out and licked my young
cunt.  I was shocked!  I pulled back, but she leaned forward even further.  
She licked me a little more, and I found out that I liked it a lot.  

"Relax," she said, "You will like this.  Will you stay in my room tonight?  I
don't think Jenni will mind.  You can pretend to sleep in her room for a while,
and then join me in my room later.  It's okay if you don't want to."

I told her that I would think about it.  She didn't leave though.  She stayed
until I got dressed, then she undressed and started to run the water in the
shower.  Her tits were huge!  They made mine look even smaller than they were. 
Mine at the time were a 36B, and I think her's were a 38C.  Of course, her
slender body just made them look all the larger.  I think that was the deciding
factor, and I told her to wait up for me.  She smiled and gave my left breast a
small kiss.

Jenni and I stayed up until midnight talking about the boys that we had crushes
on, then she fell asleep.  I waited until I heard her snoring to leave.  I
slowly slipped out of her room, and into Jessi's.  There Jessi was, laying
naked in her bed.  I could see that her fingers were between her legs and she
was gently pushing them in and out of her cunt.  Jessi's pubic hair was neatly
trimmed and her lips were pink.  I walked over and sat on the edge of her bed. 


"Take your clothes off.  I want to see you naked."

I did as she asked, and stripped down.  I was nervous, and my nipples stood
erect.  She noticed this and told me not to be nervous, that she would take
care of me.  The light beside her bed, which had been turned on when I walked
in was now being turned off, and a candle was soon lit.  

"Jessi,"  I said, my voice faltering, "Am I a lesbian because I liked your
touch earlier?"

"No, darling.  You are not.  However, I hope that if you like what I am about
to do, that you will come and visit me often."

That was when she kneeled down in front of me and spread my legs.  I felt her
lips brush against my peach fuzz, and then touch the sensitive skin beneath. 
Her long tongue darted in and out of my vagina slowly at first.  Then, along
with her tongue, she inserted two fingers.  I leaned back and started to moan,
because she was making me feel like I do when I finger myself.  I also feel
this way when I push a finger or hairbrush handle up my ass, so I thought I
should mention this to her.

"Okay, how about this?"  she said.

With that, she commenced to lick my asshole, and I came instantly, all over her
face.  She began inserting her tongue into my asshole, and that made me feel
even better.

The night ended with her showing me how to do the same for her, and I told her
that I would have to come over more often because I really liked what she did
to me.  I also asked her if I could tell Jenni because I knew Jenni would want
to join in.  See, Jenni and I used to sit and masterbate together.  I couldn't
wait for the next time I got together with Jessi!

******************************THE END*********************************

If you live in Western Pennsylvania and would be interesting in getting
together with me, contact me at  sexcrazedfemale@hotmail.com

I will gladly try and respond to any and all female responses that I can. 
**Missy**

---------------------------------------------------------
Get Your *Web-Based* Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com
---------------------------------------------------------

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 34: first-touching 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2013 08:05:19 -0700
From: naomiknowsit <naomiknowsit@dslextreme.com>
Subject: First Touching

Nadia was not new to her feelings for other girls. Now 11 she had them
come to her in a whirlwind when she was 9.
She lived with them basically alone. Her mom of course saw her still as
her little girl. And her physical appearance indeed was that still of that
little girl, Her friends were giggling about boys if they thought of sex at
all. No one older wold go near her even if they knew her feelings,
because of her age.
For two years it had been like an ember inside of Nadia always glowing.
She had little idea of what the feelings meant although she was sure they
had to do with sex.
She looked at her friends differently. She would be talking even about
schoolwork with a friend and then discover herself watching her friend's
lips, mouth, and thinking of kissing her.
She would see a favorite teacher waking down the hall and take notice
through the woman's blouse of her bra strap or slip. And in class how
often did she find her eyes picking out the panty line of her teacher. And
when she went for help she would peek as best she could down her
blouse seeing no more than the lace of her teacher's brassiere.
At sleep overs all the girls were concerned about their look as they
would be when grown, as women are. And Nadia found herself
surreptitiously looking at her friends, at their formless bodies, at their
panties, hoping they would not see her looking.
Yes certainly some of Nadia's friends were feeling things as Nadia was
but how could Nadia know? If she asked and the girl was totally not
feeling the same it would be the end of a friendship and shunning by
others.
So Nadia was essentially alone with her feelings. She did not mind them
except for the aloneness. She knew what a lesbian was and indeed
thought that was what she was, not considering girls can outgrow those
feelings as they become older.
Nadia invited friends to sleep over individually. Her mother nicely had
two single beds in her room and they would whisper and giggle and talk
from those beds. And on the infrequent occasion when a girl might
suggest they sleep in the same bed it meant no more than closeness and a
hug maybe although for Nadia the feelings ran much much deeper.
Despite two years Nadia showed no sign of any physical maturing. Her
body remained like a stick and hairless everywhere while her feelings
remained that ever present ember perhaps glowing a bit brighter inside
her.
Tisha was a new girl to Nadia's school and to her math class. She
entered and her starting looks went to Nadia fully.
Tisha was a Black girl...one of only a few at the private school. She was
deeply black in color, as if no white blood was in her ancestry. But that
was belied by high cheekbones and "good Hair" to complement her wide
dark eyes and full mouth.
Everyone immediately was taken by Tisha's bright smile and easy way
and it happened she sat next to Nadia who was flustered some by her
feelings for this new girl.
Nadia made friends with Tisha from her desire to and simply because
they sat next to one another. She found out Tisha was of all things
younger than Nadia, 10. Another reason for them to work together was
that both of them were in an advanced class and the other girls older. It
meant of course Nadia and Tisha were both quite smart.
All of the pent up feelings inside Nadia became directed almost
exclusively toward Tisha...she watched her mouth, looked at her bra
strap through a blouse, longed for her but still unsure of the full meaning
of the longings
Tisha was like Nadia in one respect: she too had come to her feelings
very early, also at about 9. But ion another respect she was different: She
fully recognized her feelings, that she liked girls, and was comfortable
with the ramifications of those feelings even if with her own stick figure
and total hairless body below she had not yet experienced more than
practice kissing.
And Tisha found Nadia very attractive, very much someone she hoped
might bring her someone close, physically and emotionally, to share the
feelings she felt. But of course she could not know if Nadia felt as she
did for other females.

Nadia asked Tisha to sleep over and Tisha gladly said yes. They studied
together, giggled about school nonsense, ate dinner with Nadia's mother,
and turned in.
Nadia practically looked through her bathroom door behind which Tisha
was changing into pajamas and almost forgot herself to take the time to
change into her own pajamas.
They laughed at each other's PJS and got into the separate beds and
talked and talked and it was Tisha who said would Nadia mind if Tisha
cam into Nadia's bed so they could whisper and be closer.
Nadia wanted it so much, the ember all night seeming to be ever present
and now so much more so as Tisha got under the covers and did not
hesitate to cuddle with her friend.
The warmth of Tisha through their pajamas was palpable and sweet and
made Nadia yearn for...she did not know exactly what while Tisha
feelings were as warm and even though she was younger more informed.
The first touch came when Tisha smiled and deeply looked into her
friend's eyes in the glow of the bedlam and then put her hand to Nadia's
face and caressed it.
"You are such a good friend, made me feel welcome and...I..I love you,"
Tisha said with Nadia nodding.
That was ll the first touch.
Eventually they fell asleep each content and secure and feeling warm the
other's arms and at breakfast they were smiling secretively and giggling
more than Nadia's mother was used to seeing her daughter giggle
Days went by with glances between the girls in class and at lunch and as
they worked on math together until finally Nadia again asked Tisha to
sleep over, something always wanting inside of the Black girl.
Tisha again was bold even though younger and asked her friend if they
might look at each other in the mirror and just see how things were
going as Tisha put it.
Oh Nadia wanted that as much as she feared it and felt her ember glow
so much more. She blushed and nodded and watched as Tisha removed
everything but her panty which seemed to glow against her richly dark
skin.
Tisha felt Nadia's eyes and loved the feeling because she loved girls and
knew it and because she loved Nadia in particular.
Now Tisha watched with deep devotion as Nadia hesitantly let herself go
down to her own white panties.
There was a long moment as they looked at one another before they held
hands and looked at themselves in the full length mirror, as if doing that
meant somehow they weren't actually looking at one another.
Nadia saw that the rich darkness of Tisha's skin was really still a soft
brown compared to the almost purple blackness of her surprisingly wide
aureoles which seemed as if they were pebbled and whose centered
nipples stood out hard because of Tisha's sweet love for Nadia. Tisha's
thighs were non-existent although her rear did stand out some.
Tisha saw the delicate whiteness of Nadia's skin. Auburn haired Nadia
had the skin of a redheaded girl, with freckles streaming all over her and
with Tisha's eyes trying to take in every last one. Nadia's aureoles were
smaller and a deep pink and more silken than pebbled while her nipples
while also erect with her feedings were less so. She also had no thighs.
The girls tried to remain neutral, talking about how they needed figures,
how they hoped something would happen when their periods came. But
all the while arch. of them was quietly and deeply admiring of the other
of the fact that the other was letting her see the other so intimately.
It was Tisha who broke through to their feelings by saying plainly "I
think you are so beautiful outside like inside."
Nadia simply turned to her friend and they embraced...their next touch
with their naked bodies warm and excited touching so fully and
completely as Tisha' hands ran up her friend's back and Nadia's ran
along Tisha's shoulders.
They got into their pajamas quickly and into bed and cuddled again and
now it was Nadia who said the magic words "I love you."
Of course there was first touching more intimate later but it is the very
first touching that is the story here.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 35: fist-friends 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 15 Aug 2018 13:27:09 +0000 (UTC)
From: Leslie Carr <lcarr69@yahoo.co.uk>
Subject: Fist Friends

			       Fist Friends
			       By Androgyne

I only close the bedroom door I don't lock it. There's no need to since the
only ones in the house are me and my girlfriend Tina.

"Are you sure you want to do this Tina?"

"Yeah sure I am. Why? You're not thinking of backing out are you Ali?"

"No but it's just well.... I mean like you're... err!"

"I'm what?"

"Well you're lovely but you're so tiny I don't want to hurt you!"

"Alison Wilde neither of us has ever been fisted and you said you aren't
scared to try well neither am I."

I try to not annoy her any more. The reason I'm worried about my girlfriend
is my girlfriend really is tiny, petite, super slim etc. About the only
thing we share, apart from loving pussy play, is that we're both very pale
complexioned. I'm a redhead with short cropped hair while she has silky
silver blond locks that reach almost to her waist. My eyes are blue while
hers are green. Our figures are WAY different too.

I'm tall for a girl two months past thirteen. Tina's just three months
younger than me and a lot shorter. I've got big boobs with long thick
nipples and her tits are little puffy breast buds with sharp little pink
nips. I've got a nice round bum and fairly wide hips while Tina's really
boyish in that area. Look I'm not fat I'm just well developed for my age!
My pussy compared to hers? Well both of us are pretty much like a
peach. With her hair and skin colouring you'd have a hard time spotting
pubes, but believe me, up as close as you get, when I'm eating her lovely
puss, you can't see any.

Now my copper red would show up a bit easier but Tina tells me she counted
six hairs on mine, joking then, that it was only five. So we're both nice
and smooth; which is good when you're licking each other. Now my pussy lips
are quite, let's pick a word, plump! Yeah that's a nice word for it. When
I'm turned on they go darkish red and get fatter. Tina has the tiniest
neatest puss you'll ever see. Her puss lips are just like pink butterfly
wings.

"You've the "lube" like they called it Ali?"

"Yeah it's baby oil. It's cheap, smells nice, and if it's good for a baby
it won't do us any harm."

"I'm ready Ali!"

Not like I'm not ready. I just love girl/girl sex; I'd say I'm an addict to
be honest. I had my first cum with a girl when I was aged almost ten and
there's been a lot of others but Tina's my first real steady gay
girlfriend. I'm still worried about if she can take my whole hand in that
tiny puss of hers no matter how well we're oiled up.

"Yeah okay so am I. Let's get naked and I'll spread this old sheet on my
bed. I don't want to have to explain oil stains on the bedspread to mum."

By the time I've spread the sheet out on my bed Tina's down to nothing but
her panties. She wasn't wearing a bra because she doesn't need a bra with
just those little mounds. I start to get naked too.

"Unhook me will you Tina?"

I do wear a bra with good reason! From behind me she slips down the
shoulder straps and pops free the hooks. I massage my tits as the cups fall
away and my nipples get really hard and swollen. Pretty soon her panties
are off and I'm naked too. I fetch the bottle of oil from the back of my
wardrobe drawer and head back to the bed where Tina is stretched out.

"We've watched that fisting video we both love loads of times on my laptop
so we do it exactly as the models did okay?"

"Cool Ali but just one thing!"

"What's that baby?"

"We do this to each other at the same time!"

"We what?"

   "Look Ali you're my girlfriend and you're SO hot but I'm not doing you
then having you say you can't do me because you'll hurt me. We do it
together and at the same time. Or not at all!"

Jesus my girlfriend can be stubborn and sneaky sometimes.

"Okay it's a deal but how do you know we can manage it?"

"Well the second time the two models fisted each other at the same time so
we do it like they did okay?"

"We can try Tina baby but remember what those models did first?"

"Oh yeah they licked pussy to warm each other up before they fisted."

"Right then spread yourself and I'll warm you up fine!"

She splays her slender thighs wide and I bow down and with my thumbs part
those tight little pussy lips. With the tip of my tongue I lap and flicker
away at her pink flesh until I can see and taste she's getting wet. When
Tina's turned on she does this thing of slitting her eyes and gritting her
teeth so the air kinda hisses through them. She's doing it right now and
then she shoves my head away.

"That's enough Ali I don't want to cum! I want my cum when we fist each
other!"

Fair enough so I stop licking and let her have a crack at me. I get wet
just as fast as she did. Tina does this thing to me where she stiffens her
tongue and sticks it into my puss. I'm laid out loving it when she stops
and shakes me.

"That's enough for you too so now's the time."

At one and the same time I'm scared and yet more turned on than I've ever
been in my life. I can feel juice trickling out of my pussy onto my
thigh. I get Tina to lie down again and pop the cap of the baby oil
bottle. I give her cute little pussy a real good soaking with the sweet
smelling oil. Her pussy is glistening in my bedroom lights. Next up I do
the same to myself. My hand is thick with the stuff so now it's just up to
Tina to lube up her hand and we're ready to go.

"Like the models did Ali!"

So I'm on my back and Tina kinda gets her slim thighs under mine; partly
supporting me. Now she reaches for me and her fingers, totally slick, start
probing my wet and oily pussy. Propping myself on one hand I lean up and
forward a bit till I can ease a finger into her. She's not that tight that
two don't slide in quite easily too. By now I'm as hot as hell because
she's doing it just right like they did in the video. She's got three
fingers pressed together and going into me pointing downwards.

She moans when I get three fingers into her tight and very wet puss! She's
panting as hard as I am.

"Now four Tina baby!"

  She wriggles the fourth finger into me and I'm bucking up against them;
and more excited than any time in my pre teen lesbian life.

"Don't stop Ali I can take it if you can!"

She yells that out real loudly!

"Yeah okay baby but you fold your thumb under like the video! Do it!"

As mad as things are she remembers to not try to bend her fingers
yet. She's twisting her hand clockwise anti clockwise back and forth as she
eases deeper. I somehow, as I writhe around, manage to get a fourth finger
into her drum tight puss. Thank God I soaked her with the oil even heavier
than I did my own. Suddenly she pushes hard and I feel her hand slide right
into my throbbing cramping pussy. Four fingers and a thumb are pointing
down and into me. I feel like howling but manage to gasp out to her.

"Make a fist Tina baby!"

She closes her fingers and thumb and I've a fist buried in me.

"Now me, now me Ali!"

 She sounds crazy and hoarse and I've got to try even if it fails.

"Spread your thighs wider baby!"

As she's doing that I catch her by surprise, fold my thumb under, and just,
twisting my wrist, push my whole hand into her and quickly make the
fist. Tina howls out loud at the top of her voice.

"Holy FUCK!"

Just like the models did I start pumping my hand in and out of her oily
dripping pussy.  Grabbing her wrist I get her to fist fuck me exactly the
same. The sensation's incredible and we're both yelling, howling, moaning
like mad. I can feel this enormous pressure mounting deep in my burning
puss and I cum harder and longer than I have in four years of cumming. I
don't quite faint but my whole body and mind becomes one blazing erupting
pussy. From miles away it feels I can hear Tina screaming just like I am.

At last, at long last, I stop cumming and pretty much collapse. I ease my
fist out of Tina with a soft, slushy, sexy sound. My fist is coated with a
mixture of oil and Tina's pussy cream. Her hand slips out of me a lot
easier than it went in. Amazingly my stretched puss doesn't seem to really
hurt. It feels tender and it glows and I feel absolutely satisfied. I crawl
up Tina's sweating body. I realise I'm soaked with sweat too.

"Are you okay?"

She hooks an arm around my neck and pulls me down so we can kiss.

"I'm fine how are you feeling?"

"Terrific Tina baby."

 "In that case Ali when can we do it again?"

I rub my oily fingers up and down her oozing slit.

"Tina baby you are incredible. We give each other a lil' rest and then next
time we CAN take turns fisting each other. This is the best baby and we
gotta keep on doing it!"

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 36: girls-sleepover-fun 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2024 09:42:15 +0800
From: Jodi Franks <jodifranks99@gmail.com>
Subject: Girls sleepover fun - Chapter 1

The doorbell rang as Suzi's best friend, Nikki waited excitedly on the
doorstep for their sleepover. Both girls has just turned 12 and had lots of
new birthday presents, mainly clothes to try on.

Suzi opened the door, "Hey Nikki - come in".

Nikki had dark thick hair, brown eyes and olive skin. She, like Suzi was tall
and slim with long athletic legs. Nikki had just hit puberty and had small
pert breast buds that were starting to show through her top. Suzi was blond
with freckles and braces. She had started puberty a month before Amy and
now had little conical AA breasts with perfect brown nipples capping them.

The girls rushed up to Suzi's room, laughing and giggling - so happy that
the school week was over. Nikki wore tight short shorts and a T shirt, Suzi
was still in her cheerleading uniform from school practice - a blue short
skirt and tight blue and white lycra top.

'So what did you get for your birthday Suzi?' Nikki asked.

' I got some new shorts and tops, a summer dress and this.' Suzi proudly
held up her first ever bra, a teens  AA 'training bra' model. Blue cotton
with pink hearts and lots of cup padding.

'OMG Suzi - you are so lucky - it's so pretty. have your tried it on yet?

'Not yet Nikki - I was waiting for you'

'Go on then - I so want to see it on. Wish my Mom would buy me one but she
says I don't really need one yet'

Suzi pulled her T cheerleading top off. Her pert breasts were exposed  -
puffy and pointy.

"Jeez Suzi you are so lucky....I'm sure they are bigger since our last
sleepover. I wish mine were like that"

Suzi giggled and clumsily pulled the bra on. 'Nikki help me do it up at the
back'

Nikki helped out and then Suzi turned around to show off. Her firm little
breasts almost filled the AA cup

'Wow it looks so cute and sexi' Nikki said.

'Mom got me two of these, the other is in pink - do you want to try it Nikki?'

'Can I really Suzi? You are the best!!'

Suzi got the other bra out and handed it to Nikki who striped her T shirt off
giggling. Her baby buds standing up stiffly. Suzi helped Nikki clip the bra
up. Nikki turned around looking disappointed.

"I'm miles off filling this like you do Suzi'

'Here put an extra pad inside it Nikki'. Suzi handed Nikki the extra pads that
came with the training bra.

'Kewl - thanks  - we look so grown up now - all the boys will be
staring at gym class now!!'

Suzi giggled 'Yes and some of the dads too!!!'

' Did..did you get any ummm...' Nikki stutters

'Any what?' Suzi asked

' Any hair...you know...down there' Nikki stammered and blushed.

Suzi giggled 'You mean pubes? - i have some starting - do you?

'Yes a few too but I bet you have loads more - a real forest!!'

'I do not!!!"  Suzi exclaimed

Nikki asked ' Do you want to compare?'

Suzi noded 'Our secret?'

Nikki, 'Of course'

Suzi sat on the bed and pulled her short cheerleader skirt up to reveal
tight blue cotton panties. Suzi then pulled her panty crotch to the side.
Revealed were pink pussy lips, tight together, a swelling mound and a
covering of blond fuzz.

'Wow Suzi that is so pretty'.

'Your turn now'  Suzi said.

Nikki sat next to Beth on the bed and sliped her short down to reveal pink
cotton bikini style panties on, stretched tight over her mound. She copied
Suzi and pulled the crotch to the side. Her pussy lips were brown and her
mound had a few pubes just showing but is still almost bare. ' No forrest
there' - Nikki giggled

The girls are now lying next to each other on Suzi's bed in their bra's and
panties. Giggling and whispering.

Amy say's.' I wish i was bigger like Miss Jones (the girls hockey coach) at
school. She is so beautiful.

Beth nods in agreement ' Oh yes she is the best.' Do...do you ever feel she
is watching you in the showers in the changing rooms?'

'Yes I know what you mean...but...I don't mind!'

The girls giggle and snuggle closer.

'Do...do you ever touch yourself...you know ...down there' Suzi asked.
!
'Suzi!' Nikki exclaimed and blushed deeply.

'It's OK Nikki - I do it all the time!' Suzi confessed.

Nikki relaxed a little..'.I umm just started doing it. It feels sooo nice.
But please don't tell anyone.'

'Of course not. Did you try touching....umm inside?' Suzi asked.

'I...I just rub through my panties at night in bed. Do you really put you
fingers inside?' Nikki questioned.

'Yes....it...it feels even better than rubbing. Do you want me to show you
how Nikki?'

Nikki blushed and nodded.

Suzi layed back on her pillows and slipped her panties off. She spread her
legs in front of Nikki baring her young pussy.

'First I just rub the outside especially at the top' Suzi's fingers rubbed
over her little clitty buried in two folds of skin.

'then when it feels really nice and starts to get wet inside you just open
the lips with your finger like this and slide it inside.' Mmmmm Suzi slide
her finger in and moaned.

Nikki stared, transfixed as her best friend slide her finger in and out of
her pink pussy that was now leaking wetness down onto the sheets.

Nikki felt a familiar wetness start to form between her own legs. She
lay down next to Suzi.

Suzi stopped and whispered do you want to try it? Nikki nodded and shivered
as she felt Suzi's fingers rub the soft cotton of her panty crotch.

Suzi's fingers slowly rubbed and pressed the material along Nikki's warm slit.

'Wow Nikki you are wet already!'

Suzi's fingers slipped down the top of Nikki's panties and rubbed her bare
pussy slit directly. Nikki let out a low long moan.

'Let's take these off Nikki' Suzi commanded and slipped Nikki's panties down
revealing her smooth bare pussy.
Nikki spread her legs and she had seen Beth do. Her bare lips opened and
Suzi's wet finger slipped inside.

'ohhh god Suzi....yesss' Nikki exclaimed.

Suzi slipped a 2nd finger inside Nikki, feeling her tight lips and pussy
all around her fingers. She started to slowly pump in and out of Nikki's
sweet, smooth and now very wet little tight hole.

Nikki moaned and groaned and within a minute had exploded into her first
orgasm as her best friends fingers explored deep inside her.

The girls snuggled together, their legs wrapped around each other, bare
pussies rubbing together and little buds also pressing on each other. Soon
they fell asleep.

To be continued

Comments please to

jodifranks99@gmail.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 37: going-down-by-the-river 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 08 Apr 2005 23:20:46 -0500
From: harald v <haraldv1@loveable.com>
Subject: Going Down by the River Part One (f/f, oral)

THE FOLLOWING STORY DEALS WITH PRETEEN AND TEEN LESBIAN EXPLORATION
(including oral). IF THIS OFFENDS YOU, DO NOT REEAD ON. IF YOU LIKE WHAT
YOU READ, OR HAVE ANY COMMENTS, EMAIL haraldv1@loveable.com

	Sarah Olsen and Anka Gruber had been best friends since
kindergarten, when they both lived in Winona, Minnesota. Their fathers both
worked at a Lexus dealership in town, Sarah's father Will as a salesman and
Anka's father Hans as a mechanic. The men had grown closer after
discovering the common hobby of hunting, which they thenceforth did
together almost every weekend at a ground about an hour's drive away. The
ladies, meanwhile, would visit over a cup of tea, or maybe take the kids
for a movie.
	Two years after the families had met, the dealership was shut down,
essentially merging with one about half an hour downstate. Neither Will nor
Hans were retained. They were therefore forced to look either for another
line of work, or move out of state to any of twelve dealerships owned by
the same company. Independently, Will and Hans decided to stay with the
company, and somewhat bashfully accept a transfer to a Buick dealership in
Ludington, a well known nudist town in western Michigan.
	The two families ended up as neighbors on the same block of North
Brook Rd, in a neighborhood of old, white cottages separated from Lake
Michigan only by a cobblestone sidewalk. The Olsens were at 41 and the
Grubers at 52.
	Sarah Olsen was just barely twelve years old. She stood about five
feet tall, and had brown eyes and brown hair down to her shoulders, and a
face similar to actress Hayden Panettiere. Her slim, well tanned body had
just begun responding to puberty. She had not yet grown any pubic hair, but
her hips were just barely beginning to grow outward. Her reddish brown
nipples, which were the width of a dime, protruded about half an inch. They
capped breasts that were as wide as a navel orange, but only stuck out
about a half-inch.
	Anka was about to turn eleven. She was about four feet, ten inches
tall. She had blue eyes and brown hair in a bowl cut. Her body was slim and
well tanned, but was devoid of pubic hair. Her hips and breasts had also
not begun to develop at all. Her nipples, however, were quite large for
whatever reason. Her dark brown nipples were about the size of a half
dollar, and protruded about a half inch.
	Both girls had quickly adapted to the nudist way of life in
Ludington. The requirement was that during the months of May through
August, any resident or visitor was required to shed all clothes while
walking about within town limits. Today was May 22nd, and the girls had
nothing to do but play outside. Just as well, they thought, since it was to
get to seventy five degrees, and would remain very sunny.
	Sarah and Anka got their flip flops on and ran, otherwise naked, to
the bank of the small river that went into the property.
	"Sarah, lay down! I wanna bury you in the sand." said Anka.
	"Ummmm. OK, why don't you dig a hole first. Then I'll climb in."
offered Sarah.
	"You're right. Good idea." conceded Anka.
	Sarah and Anka both got plastic shovels and started digging a three
foot deep grave of sorts out of the wet sand. This formed a nice big pile
of wet and dry sand which was almost reminiscent of the slag heap the girls
used to live near.
	"OK, Sarah. Jump on in so I can have my way with you!" Anka
giggled.
	"Oh noooo!" Sarah giggled, feigning concern about what "having my
way" exactly meant.
	Sarah got down on her rear end, and slid into the impromptu grave,
laying on her back. Anka started digging cold, wet sand from the heap to
cover Sarah's bronzed body, which was a little sweaty from running and
digging. She started to concentrate on Sarah's hairless pubic area. Sarah
arched her back slightly from the coldness of the sand. She accidentally
let out a small sigh.
	"You OK?" Anka asked.
	"Yeah." Sarah laughed sheepishly. That actually feels kinda
good. Kinda weird, but good."
	Anka finished with the lower part of Sarah's body, and proceeded to
dump cold, wet sand on Sarah's breasts. She was secretly enjoying this
process, and so was Sarah. As her body was slowly trapped by the weight of
the sand, Sarah felt a subtle but distinct tingle between her legs and
around her nipples, which seemed to be erect. Anka eventually finished, and
only Sarah's head remained above the surface of the beach. Anka then sat
down, smelling of sweat from digging so much sand. She got on her elbows,
and was positioned so that her upper legs were on either side of Sarah's
head, and Sarah got a very clear and close view of Anka's vagina,which
appeared to be glistening somewhat.
	"Anka, have you...ever had an orgasm? Some older girl at school was
talking about how she had one." said Sarah shyly.
	"Yeah. I've masturbated for a couple of years now. I got my first
orgasm around nine and a half. Don't you masturbate?" said Anka.
	"I've never tried. I can't even really picture it." said Sarah,
somewhat dejectedly.
	"Here. Watch. This is what I do." Anka said.
	Anka laid down, keeping her same position with respect to
Sarah. She brought her knees up so that they made right triangles on the
sand. She proceeded to bring her hand down to her clitoris. With her index
and middle fingers, she started to gently but quickly rub her clitoris in a
circular motion. Meanwhile, her breathing became hard and rapid. She let
out three soft moans.
	Sarah, completely immobile, was starting to pant as her heart
started beating rapidly. The slight tingling of her nipples and crotch that
she had earlier had come back with a vengence as she watched Anka touch
herself. A unique and intoxicating smell was emanating from Anka's vagina,
as Anka moved her fingers down a bit, and slid them rather easily into her
visibly moist vagina.
	Anka curled her two fingers upward, toward the back of her vagina,
and started to thrust slowly. She grunted four times and her hips started
to buck upwards. Anka continued to thrust her vagina, now at a faster
pace. After about a minute, she let out a loud, breathy moan. Her back
arched five times. Sarah could see a thick stream of white fluid trickle
from Anka's vagina onto her fingers and into the sand.
	"You've never done that to yourself?" Anka asked.
	"No.....Am I weird?" Sarah asked sheepishly.
	"No.....just deprived." Anka busted out with laughter.
	A couple of neighborhood girls, Ashley and Bunny, walked up. Ashley
had just turned ten years old. She stood four feet, eleven inches tall and
had an athletic build from being a highly rated gymnast. This was most
obvious in her strong legs. She had very fair skin, and a youthful face
with lots of freckles and bright blue eyes. She always kept her
shoulder-length, bright red hair in a ponytail. Her hips had already begun
to expand, but her chest, which was capped with dime-sized pink nipples,
was still completely flat.
	Her babysitter Bunny was sixteen, and also a very accomplished
gymnast. She was five feet tall, and had very muscular legs and arms. She
was well into puberty, with round B-cup breasts that had dark brown nipples
the size of a quarter. She had a very girlish, brown-eyed face, and a
subtle tan. She had shoulder-length, dirty blonde hair, which she always
kept in a ponytail, held together by a black scrunchie.
	"Hi, girls! How goes it?" said Bunny, in her typical perky voice.
	"Ohhh.....OK." Anka said, somewhat breathless still.
	"What you been doing?" asked Bunny.
	"What's that smell?" Ashley interrupted.
	"Oh, we're a bit sweaty, I guess" offered Sarah shyly. "We've been
playing a bit."
	"Yeah, I can tell!" Bunny said, laughing. "Can we play with you?"
	"Uh, yeah. Sure!" said Anka.
	"Or, rather, beside you?" laughed Bunny.
	Ashley took the cue and lay down such she was perpendicular, and
about two feet in front of, Sarah's head, which remained the only unburied
part of her body. Anka laid down next to Sarah, on her elbows.
	"Have you girls ever gone down on eachother?" asked Bunny.
	Anka and Sarah nodded in the negative.
	"I've just started playing with Ashley this way. How do you like
it, Ash? asked Bunny. Ashley's face simply lit up with an evil grin.
	"I thought so." said Bunny. "Watch and learn, girls!"
	Ashley spread her legs as Bunny knelt in front of her. Ashley
brought her knees up as far as she could and still have her feet in the
sand. Bunny worked up a large amount of foamy saliva and spat on Ashleys
clitoris. She did this three more times. Ashley sighed as she felt a rush
of blood to her clitoris.
	Bunny then brought her mouth to Ashley's bald, throbbing clitoris
and started to slowly lick in upward strokes, bringing her own saliva back
into her mouth and spitting it back out after each stroke. Ashley started
to moan as Bunny continued moistening her clitoris in this manner. Her
breathing started to become loud and shaky.
	Bunny then started to suck on Ashley's vaginal lips. Ashley
grunted. Her stomach muscles pulled in. Bunny then grabbed hold of Ashley's
buttocks and spat a large wad of her saliva and Ashley's thick, sticky
vaginal secretions back into Ashley's vagina. Bunny proceeded to force her
tongue into Ashley's slobbery, sticky, bald vagina, thrusting it in and
out.
	Ashley moaned in a loud, breathy manner eight times, digging her
fingers in the sand. Her back suddenly arched very far off the ground as
for the next minute she lost herself in the orgasm skillfully given her by
her babysitter.
	"Come on over." Bunny said. "Look at this mess."
	Anka and Sarah crawled over, Sarah filthy with wet sand all over
her body. They both got a look at Ashley's private region. Her clitoris and
vagina were glistening from Bunny's saliva and a long river of cloudy,
thick vaginal secretions ran from Ashley's vagina up her left leg and into
the sand.
	"You think you girls can do this for eachother?" Bunny asked.

TO BE CONTINUED.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 38: harriet-my-first-crush 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 1 Jun 2022 09:27:23 +0000
From: lust stories <Luststories@hotmail.com>
Subject: Harriet is my first crush

My little sister has the cutest friends, I love them as they are fun and
vibrant. Especially around our school and they are going to be stars when
they finish high school. There is one particular girl that I have take a
liking to and her name is Harriet, she isn't millie best friend. But they
are pretty close. She plays netball at my club and she is pretty good,
she always stays at our place on a Saturday night and she spends the
night talking too me and I love it. She is a beautiful and intelligent
girl, she told me last week about a few things she hasn't told her
friends. She loves girls as I do and she likes girls that have a bit of
hair of their body. I never shave my bush and hair under my armpits does
grow and hair on my arms and legs are non existent, it sounded weird at
first, but its quite hot thinking about it. I wanted to tell her that I
liked girls, but millie my sister demanded Harriet come and see her

At school the following Monday I saw Harriet and her beautiful smile
straight away,  she ran up to me and hugged me. "Thanks for talking to
me on Saturday night bridget, I don't think your sister and my friends
would like talking about women that way" we both giggled and she really
does leave an impression on me "are you going to try out for the netball
rep team tomorrow" I asked and punched my arm and said "yeah
definitely" she went off to form class and I smiled looking at her cute
bum. Millie was standing next to me looking at me weirdly. I wished her a
good day and went to my form class, I have my semi formal coming up this
Friday and I don't have a date and when I got the invitation to this
event, my intentions were to take my then boyfriend. But he cheated on me
with a girl from another school and I started to like girls after that. I
have asked a friend I went to kindy with and he has said yes

After dinner while reading for my English assignment, my sister came into
my room and she didn't look too pleased "what did you and Harriet talk
about on Saturday night" I let off a massive fart and she left the room,
what I talk about with her friends is none of her business. She came back
in wearing a mask and I laughed. I stood up and said "sorry about that
fart millie, but we just talked about shit and nothing that would
interest you" she took her mask off and said "you have been really
weird since you broke up with your boyfriend" she left the room, I
sighed and sat on my bed and wished I could tell her the truth. I had a
terrible sleep that night as I was thinking about Harriet and what might
happen with her and my sister

I got to the netball courts early with my sister, I am in a good age
group for me. I feel I can make this rep squad and maybe make the state
side. I love this sport and I love the girls I play with. We had 4 games
and I was able to watch millie and Harriet play, Harriet played so well
and she made the team and was made captain. Millie played well and she
had a good battle with one of her friends. She made the team and I was
proud of both of them. I made the team, I played some of the best netball
in my life and the coach who has been my coach since I started playing
the sport said I was playing so well. I was made captain of the team, I
was happy and the first person to congratulate me was Harriet and she was
stoked to make her team. I grabbed her arse as we hugged and she giggled
a little bit, she has a nice arse "you were awesome Harriet" she smiled
"not as awesome as millie or you" she was right

I got home and showered and started on my English, millie came in and
hugged me straight away. "Congrats bridget on making the team, you are
awesome" she left the room and it mad me smile. I messaged Harriet all
night as he was excited for the week away with netball, she talked about
me grabbing her arse and I so wanted to tell her I did it because I love
her arse. But I want to do that when she and I are face to face. After
English I have a free period and so does Harriet, she is always studying
in the library. But I invited her out into the quad, to talk. We were
lying on the grass and I said "you know why I grabbed your arse
yesterday Harriet" she shrugged her shoulders and said "because you
can't get enough of it" she laughed and I didn't laugh, thats when she
realised "oh my god, really this is awesome" I put my finger up to her
lips and said "just don't tell anyone please, I like girls and you are
probably my first crush" she leant in and I had to stop her for a second
"not here" she laughed and said "I was going to whisper in your ear
something" I laughed and said "what is it then" she smiled with her
cute way, her braces are so cute. "I have always had a crush on you" we
hugged and then the bell went off

I was happy to bare my soul to Harriet and its good to know she feels the
same way. I went to netball on Saturday feeling a bit sick, so I sat out
our game and I was a spectator. Millie game was up first and she played
so well again, Harriet stood next to me and she cheered her on. After
millie game I watched Harriet and she is so good at this sport and she is
so cute in a netball outfit. My game went according plan even though I
didn't play, I cheered the girls on and they played so well. After the
game we all went home, Harriet stayed over again and this is where I was
going to show off how much she means to me. Millie had a few other
friends over and it meant Harriet and I could talk in my room. I took her
into my room and closed the door. I kissed her on the lips and it was so
nice. "That was my first kiss bridget" Harriet said. I kissed her again
and she kissed back. We sat on the floor and talked "does this change
anything" she asked I shook my head and said "it just means you are my
girl friend" I stood up and said close your eyes I want to show you
something"

I went and locked my door and took my netball outfit off. I stripped my
bike pants and black bikini briefs off and took my sports bra off. I
stood in front of Harriet and said "open your eyes" she opened her eyes
and smiled "god you are hot and look at your bush" I lifted my arms up
and said "my armpits as well" she was rubbing my pussy "lick it" I
whispered and she kissed my pubic mound and then started to lick my pussy
lips, I bit my Botton lip as she started to work my pussy. She opened up
my pussy lips and started to lick inside my pussy, god she is good and I
mean really good. She used her fingers to finger fuck me and god it felt
amazing too be honest. I felt like I was about have an orgasm, when my
knees started to buckle. Harriet found my clit and thats when I knew it
was about to happen, I grabbed her head and held it tight against my
pussy as I came. God it was intense.

I kissed Harriet and lifted her to her feet. I heard a knock on the door.
It was mum letting us know dinner was here "I love you Bridget" Harriet
said. She left the room as I went and showered

Please donate to this great site

Donate.nifty.org

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 39: hollys-lovers 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 04 Feb 2005 23:59:59 -0600
From: brian wilson <psychobilly_boy@hotmail.com>
Subject: Holly's Lovers

      Holly was only 7 when she first discovered masturbation, and did it
fairly regularly from then on. She wasn't sure what she was doing or why it
felt good.  She had blonde hair and pale skin.  She was smart but very shy.

      Her first experience with another girl came when she was 10 and
spending the night at her friend Christina's house.  Holly's breasts had
begun to develop during 2nd grade and by now were a C cup.  Christina was
slightly shorter than Holly and had brunette hair.  It was the beginning of
the summer vacation so they were allowed to stay up as late as they wanted.
The girls were both downstairs watching TV in their nightgowns.  They were
sitting on the couch that had been folded out into a bed.  It was late at
night and most of the channels were now showing infomercials and the girls
were getting bored.  It was then that Christina asked Holly a question.

      "Have you ever played mommy-and-daddy?"

      "No, what's that?"

      "Here, I'll show you.  Lay down,"

      Holly did as she was told.  Christina lifted up Holly's nightgown
just enough to reveal her light blue panties.  She pushed Holly's legs
slightly apart then lifted her own nightgown to just above her waist.  She
held it there and lay down on top of her friend and arched her back so she
could press her pelvis against Holly's.  Christina slowly rocked back and
forth, humping Holly.  Holly really enjoyed the feeling of her friend's
vagina pressing against her own and reached around to grab Christina's tiny
butt and pull against her even harder.  They were both starting to breathe
heavily and the fronts of their panties were getting damp.  After nearly 10
minutes Christina climaxed and collapsed on top of Holly.

      "Can I try being on top now?" Holly asked.

      "Mmhmm" was all Christina could get out.

      With that said, Holly rolled her partner off of her and on to her
back.  She got into position and began grinding against her exhausted
friend. Their soft smooth legs rubbed against each other. It wasn't very
long before Holly achieved her own orgasm.  She got off of Christina but
cuddled against her until they both fell asleep.  From then on they did
this every time they spent the night together which was usually 2 or 3
times a week during the summer.  And it wasn't very long before they
discovered it felt even better without their panties on.  As much as they
enjoyed what they did together their night time activities never progressed
beyond humping and grinding against each other.

      Sadly at the end of the summer Christina's family moved away and
Holly was forced to take care of her urges by herself once again.

      Two years passed before Holly had another sexual experience.  Her
parents were separated and she lived with her father.  His new girlfriend
had a 14 year old daughter by the name of Tara.  She was a little taller
than Holly, and had curly, dirty blonde hair. Tara and Holly became good
friends, and when their parents moved in together they became roommates.
Tara was in 8th grade and Holly in 6th.  Because of her shyness Holly had
trouble making friends. Tara felt sorry for her friend and took her to a
party she'd been invited to.  Unfortunately the party was pretty lame and
neither of them were having a very good time.  They spent the majority of
the time sitting on the couch talking to each other.  Their conversation
eventually turned to boys and then kissing.

      "Have you ever kissed a boy before?" Tara asked.

      "No," Holly answered, slightly embarrassed.

      "Well I could show you how... I mean, if you want me to,"

      "That would be cool,"

      "Alright, follow me,"

      Tara took Holly by the hand and led her to the nearest bathroom.
They were careful to make sure no one saw them go in together.

      "Ok, lean your head back a little, and tilt it to the side," Tara
instructed Holly, who did as she was told.  Tara took Holly's head in her
hands and brought their faces closer together.  Both girls were nervous and
their hearts were beating slightly faster than usual.  Finally Tara
summoned some courage and pressed her lips softly against Holly's and then
separated.  As kisses go it wasn't much of one, but they enjoyed it
none-the-less.  They smiled at each other and moved in for another.  This
second one was deeper and lasted slightly longer.

      "I liked that," Holly said.

      "Me too,"

      Without another word they began kissing again.  Holly's hands began
rubbing Tara's back and Tara did the same to her.  Holly felt Tara's tongue
brush her lips.  She'd hoped Tara would start using her tongue so she
opened her mouth, inviting it in.  And in it went, licking Holly's tongue
as it did.  The two girls pulled closer, pressing Holly's C cup breasts
against Tara's Bs.  They could feel each other's nipples harder through
their clothes. The kissing and tongue sucking continued for about 10
minutes, when Tara decided they should stop before getting caught.  They
left the bathroom separately and soon went home.
      At home their fun continued in their room.  They kissed in Holly's
bed until it was time for them to go to sleep, and Tara returned to her own
bed.

      In the morning Holly had an idea.  She asked Tara if she would like
to shower with her.  Tara eagerly agreed.  Fortunately, their bathroom was
joined to the bedroom so they did have to worry about being seen going in
together.  As they were undressing Holly was shocked to see that Tara had a
completely shaven pussy.  The entered the shower and closed the sliding
glass door.  When the water came on they yelped and hugged each other for
warmth until the water had a chance to warm up.  They took turns washing
each other's hair and bodies and then once again began kissing.  They had
their fingers in each other's hair and eventually moved their hands down to
squeeze each other's butts. Their nipples poked in to each other's soft
breasts.  Eventually they separated slightly.

       "I really like how your pussy looks all shaved," Holly told her
shower companion.

      "Thanks, I bet it would look good on you too,"

      "Maybe, I don't know.  I'd be too scared of cutting myself,"

      "Well I can help you out,"

      "All right!"

      The girls got straight to work and several minutes later Holly was
just as smooth as her friend.

      "That looks really good," Tara said.

      "I know, thanks a lot for the help," Holly replied while rubbing her
fingers over her newly shaved pussy lips.

      All day at school Holly couldn't stop thinking about how good her
panties felt rubbing against her bare pussy, which made paying attention to
her teachers a bit difficult.

      The events of the morning and night before had reminded Holly of the
nights she'd spent with Christina.  This gave her yet another idea.  So
that night as they were getting ready for bed she had a question for Tara.

      "Do you want to try sleeping in my bed with me tonight?"

      "Sure, that'll be fun,"

      Once they were in their night clothes they got in to bed and cuddled.
It wasn't long before they began kissing as well.

      "I'm hot," said Holly and she removed her clothing.  It was a lie of
course, just an excuse to get naked.

      "Oh, me too," Tara also lied and stripped.

      They instantly returned to cuddling and kissing.  They rubbed their
hands all over each other's bodies and legs.  Tara's leg found its way
between Holly's and her thigh was pressing against her crotch.  Holly also
placed her leg between Tara's.  As they were kissing they began humping
each other's thighs.  They broke their kiss to moan softly.  Their
breathing was getting heavier and the humping faster.  This wasn't quite
enough for Holly though.

      "Here let's try something," she said.  She pushed Tara's legs apart
and her knees up.  She lowered her pussy down on top of Tara's.  They were
both very wet and their shaved pussy lips slid across each other.  She
arched her back as she ground her pussy down.  Tara could feel Holly's hard
clit rubbing against her own and moaned.
  They kept going at it for awhile, soon they were both hot and sweaty and
their bodies slid together more easily.  Holly leaned down and began
kissing Tara while still fucking her.  They moaned into each other's
mouths.  Holly felt her orgasm approaching and broke their kiss.  When it
hit her it took a lot of self control to stop her from screaming out loud.
She lay down on top of Tara and rested her head her shoulder.  After about
five minutes Tara said "ok, let me be on top now," She got in the same
position Holly had been in moments earlier and began screwing her young
friend.  It only took a short while before Tara also climaxed.  Covered in
sweat and each others cum they went to sleep in each other's arms.  Over
next several months the girls showered and slept naked together all the
time.

      But sadly for Holly, Tara began to become much more interested in
boys and put an end to their playing.  When Holly tried to ask if she'd
like to join her she would act disgusted.  Their relationship became
strained and they didn't talk as much.
  After their parents broke up they didn't see each other again.

      Over the next three years Holly's breasts continue to grow and by the
time she entered ninth grade they had become a rather large pair of Ds
bordering on DD.  It was also about this time that she made friends with a
girl named Amber.  Amber had dark skin, dark hair and a body type very
similar to Holly's, who was now about 5'6".  Her breasts were a nice C cup.
She was very energetic and had a bit of a foul mouth.  There were rumors
about her spread around the school about her being a lesbian but no one was
completely sure.  After Holly had been hanging out with her for awhile the
rumors began to include her as well.  Even Holly wasn't sure whether or not
the rumors about her friend were true.  They usually spent their time
together watching TV, going to movies, seeing bands and shopping.  Holly
realized she was having feelings for her new friend and decided she needed
to know the truth about her.  So she invited her to spend the night.

      They were on the foldout sofa downstairs watching TV.  They were both
dressed for bed in their nightgowns, so they were not wearing any bras.
Amber was sitting up and Holly was lying down beside her.  It was getting
late and Amber yawned, stretching her arms above her head.  Holly did the
first thing that came to her mind and grabbed her friend's midsection and
began tickling her.  Amber squealed and tried unsuccessfully to remove
Holly's hands.

      "Stop! Stop!" Amber pleaded.

      "Make me!" replied Holly.

      Amber did the only thing she could think off to fend off this assault
and started tickling back.  Both girls were laughing hysterically as they
attacked each other.  They rolled around trying to get an advantage.  Amber
ended up on top and pinned Holly's arms under her legs.

      "Oh! You're going to pay for that!" Amber threatened playfully.

      "Oh yeah? How so?" questioned the captive.

      Amber didn't have to think very long to figure out what to do now.
She simply did what she'd been dreaming of doing since she met Holly.  She
grabbed a breast in each hand and squeezed.  It was just enough to cause
some discomfort.  Holly refused to show that it was bothering her.

      "That doesn't hurt," she said.

      "Well what about this?" Amber asked as she lifted up Holly's gown.
Once both breasts had been exposed she grabbed both nipples and twisted.
Holly yelped and started to buck wildly which knocked Amber off of her.
Both girls laughed playfully as they attacked each other, trying to get to
each other's breasts.  They wrestled about until they had managed to remove
each other's nightgowns.  They were both on their knees in front of each
other wearing only their panties.  Amber lunged forward and grabbed both of
Holly's nipples again and began twisting.  Holly didn't even bother
removing the hands from her chest and just returned the attack.  The girls
both grimaced at the pain in their chests but neither was willing to give
up.  Holly was the first to realize that this wasn't accomplishing anything
and changed her tactic.  She grabbed Amber's whole breasts in her hands and
squeezed as hard as she could.  It didn't take Amber long to realize how
much more effective that was adopted the same technique.  Holly wasn't sure
how much more abuse her chest could take and pushed forward knocking Amber
on to her back.  Holly quickly got on top and held Amber's arms above her
head as her breast hung down above Amber's face.

      "You hurt my tits, now kiss them to make them better," commanded
Holly, with a giggle.

      Amber certainly didn't have to be asked twice.  She lifted her head
and kissed the right nipple.  She placed several kissed around it and one
right in the center and then did the same to the left.  Despite her
previous experiences Holly had never had her breasts kissed and was
enjoying it very much.  Amber was enjoying it as well and had begun licking
circles around the right nipple.  She then flicked her tongue across it
before sucking it in to her mouth.  Holly had released her hands and she
used them to rub and play with which ever nipple wasn't in her mouth as she
switched from one to the other.

      Holly lowered her breasts down so Ambers face was between her
cleavage.  She then dragged them down over Amber's shoulders, across her
own breasts and down her stomach, until Holly's face was right in front of
her friend's nipples.  She treated them the same way Amber had treated
hers.  By now both of their nipples had become hard.  Amber looked up at
her friend and remembered how long it had been since she'd had a kiss.  She
moved up and they began kissing each other.  Tongues went in mouths and
fingers went in hair.  As they kissed their hard nipples rubbed together
adding to their enjoyment.  Holly decided to try something she'd never
tried before.  She placed her hand on Amber's thigh and slowly slid it
upwards toward her panties.  When her hand reached it's destination she
slowly rubbed the front of the panties.  This caused Amber to moan slightly
into her mouth.  She then slid her hand inside of the panties and was
pleased to discover that Amber also shaved her pussy. Holly found her
friend's clit which caused Amber to shudder.  Holly rubbed and Amber
moaned.  It wasn't long before Holly felt Amber's hand entering her own
panties and rubbing her.  Soon they had to break the kiss, as their heavy
breathing was making it difficult.  The girls kept going, rubbing faster
and harder.  They were both thrusting their hips against each other's
hands.  Their orgasms reached them at nearly the exact same time.  They
arched their backs and muffled their screams until they had finished
cumming.

      "I've been wanting that for a long time," Amber said between heavy
breaths.

      "Me too," answered Holly.

      "There's something else I want to try,"

      Amber sat up and began removing Holly's panties.  She began kissing
Holly's thighs.  Holly was excited; she was no stranger to online porn and
had watched many girls being eaten out.  She often wondered what it would
be like, and now she would have her chance.  But even though she was
excited she was also a little scared that Amber might not like the way she
tasted.  Luckily, this was very far from being the case.

        Amber kissed Holly's soft, smooth labia.  Holly pulled her legs
further apart giving her friend better access to her vagina.  Amber licked
up and down Holly's opening and then slid two fingers inside.  She pushed
her fingers in and out while licking circles around and across the clit.
She sucked the clit into her mouth and hummed causing her lips to vibrate
around it.  With this treatment it wasn't long before Holly climaxed and
she was eager to return the favor.  She pulled off Amber's panties and
mimicked what had just been done to her.
      Once Amber had also climaxed they took a break and talked about what
had just happened and about both of their previous experiences with other
girls.  Amber had been with three girls before.  Their talk also turned to
things they'd like to try.  One thing they were both very curious about
trying was the 69 position.  They discussed it and decided that they'd like
to try doing it side-by-side instead of top-and-bottom.  They maneuvered
into position and rested their heads on each other's inner thighs.  They
licked each other's pussies and squeezed each other's asses.  As they
licked they thrusted their cunts into each other's faces.  Eventually they
had both climaxed and were too exhausted to continue.  They licked the
juices from each other's faces and put back on their nightgowns.  They
cuddled together as they went to sleep.

      That night was the beginning of their relationship as more than just
friends.  Together they had a lot more sleepovers and a lot more sex.
Holly soon became aware of Amber's incredible sex drive.  Holly considered
herself a fairly sexual person, and she still had to fight Amber off at
times.  The two of them tried everything they could think of to do to each
other and even watched porn to get new ideas.  Some of their favorite
things to do included 69 and tribadism (rubbing their vaginas against each
others) either in a missionary position or with one leg over and one leg
under each other.  Another favorite position was one Holly thought up by
herself.  It was somewhat similar to the 69 position, in that they both
faced each other head to feet, but different in that they wrapped their
legs around each other's midsection.  This gave each girl excellent access
to the other's pussy at the same time.  This was particularly useful to
them.  They had seen a video of a girl getting fisted online and both
wanted to try it.  They couldn't do it right away, but after a few weeks of
working on it they were both able to insert a whole hand.  Using their new
position they could fist each other at the same time.  This was incredibly
erotic for the both of them, not just physically but mentally as well.
Each girl knew that she was inside of her lover and filling her, while her
lover was inside and filling her as well.

      Holly and Amber had been seeing each other for several months when
Holly received a surprise phone call.  It was from Christina.  They hadn't
talked in 6 years.  She was going to be passing through town in a few days
and wanted to know if they could get together.  Holly told her that would
be fun and she'd call her back if she thought of anything they could do
during her visit.  As soon as Christina hung up the phone, Holly called
Amber.

      "Remember that girl, Christina, I told you about?" Holly said
excitedly.

      "Was she the one you shared a room with?"

      "No, the other one,"

      "Oh yeah. What about her?"

      "She just called me and she's going to be in town for like a day or
two.  I was thinking about inviting her to spend the night with you and
me."

      "Oooh, kinky, you can count me in.  Are you sure she REALLY likes
girls though?  Just because you screwed around before doesn't mean she
does.  I know lots of straight girls who did stuff with their friends at
that age,"

      "Well...I'm not really sure,"

      "Well I guess we'll find out.  And if she's not interested we've got
her out numbered," Amber joked.

      "Ha-ha, yup.  Ok, I'm going to call her back and ask if she can make
it," said Holly.

      Holly made the call and Christina was excited to be invited to the
sleep over.

      When the girls all met Holly was quite surprised by how little
Christina had actually changed.  She was still very short, only 4'11", very
thin and had small breasts.  And when she walked past Holly and Amber they
both immediately noticed her incredibly beautiful ass.  One thing that had
changed was that she now wore glasses which gave her a bit of a nerdy look.
They all went to Holly's room where they talked about things that
interested them and what they'd been up to for the last 6 years.  Amber was
getting a little impatient with the conversation because it wasn't leading
to what she really wanted.

      "So have you ever kissed a boy?" Amber interrupted.

      Christina looked down, embarrassed.  "Well...no.  I haven't really
met any that are interested,"

      "That's alright.  I haven't either, and Holly hasn't," said Amber
"What about girls? Ever kissed one?"

      Christina looked up, surprised by the question and Amber leaned in
closer eager to hear the answer.

      "No, same thing, never really had a chance,"

      That told Amber everything she wanted to know.

      "That's too bad, it's great," she replied.

      "So you have?"

      "All the time...Like this!" and with that Amber grabbed Holly and
pulled her in close for a kiss.  Holly was surprised but quickly started
playing along.  It was a sloppy kiss, done more to put on a show for
Christina than for enjoyment.  Eventually they broke apart and turned to
face Christina and judge her reaction.  She quite clearly had enjoyed what
she saw and was smiling ear to ear.

      "Christina, try kissing Holly now," Amber instructed.

      Christina did as she was told and she and Holly began making out.
Amber was getting very turned on watching her large breasted blonde
girlfriend making out with a petite brunette and was gently rubbing the
crotch of her jeans.  Amber reached out and slowly started rubbing
Christina's chest.  She then leaned in and stuck her tongue between the two
girls' mouths. They also stuck out their tongues and the three of them made
out at once.  Then Holly and Amber started to remove all of Christina's
clothes.  They saw she too had a nice smooth shaved pussy. Her breasts may
have been small but they were very perky, and the girls couldn't resist
each taking one into their mouth.  Amber slid a finger into Christina's wet
pussy, and Holly began rubbing her clit.  Christina moaned as she bucked
her hips against the hands that were pleasuring her.  With this double
assault it wasn't long before Christina was cumming.  Amber removed her
finger and licked it clean and then moved up and began making out with
Christina.  Holly went the other direction and started kissing her petite
friend's thighs.  The only girls she'd tasted were Amber and herself and
was curious about what Christina would taste like.  She placed a kiss on
the pussy lips in front of her.  She licked up and down the wet slit and
licked circles around and across her clit before sucking it into her mouth.
Christina's moans were muffled by Amber's mouth.  Her second orgasm came
quickly.  She told the two girls that her pussy needed a break and that she
would do stuff to them now.  She got on her knees in front of the bed and
had the other girls strip and sit near the edge with their legs spread
apart.  She placed two fingers into each girl and rubbed their clits with
her thumb.  She pushed in and out and curled her fingers rub the right
spots.  Holly and Amber enjoyed this but both wanted more.

      "Christina" said Holly "use your whole hand,"

      "What?"

      "Put your whole hand inside of us,"

      "You think you can take it?" Christina asked, shocked by the request.

      "Yeah we do it to each other all the time and your hands are a lot
smaller than ours are"

      Christina made her fingers as close together as possible, making her
and into somewhat of a cone shape, and slowly pushed in to the cunts in
front of her.
  They had no problem taking her tiny hands.  Holly and Amber took hold of
Christina's arms and used them to fuck themselves.  Christina was amazed at
what was happening, she was totally inside two beautiful girls at the same
time.  She was getting even more turned on and wished she had a free hand
to masturbate with.

      Holly and Amber both achieved their orgasms at the same time.
Christina removed her hands which were totally covered in girl cum.

      "I think its shower time," Holly suggested, looking at Christina's
hands.

      "What if the running water wakes up your dad?" Christina asked.

      "So?"

      "Well he might figure things out,"

      "Oh he's fine with that,"

      "Really? That's cool,"

      "Yeah, I told him I wasn't interested in guys and he just said how
glad he was that he didn't have to worry about me getting pregnant,"

      The girls all laughed.

      "Well in that case, let's get that shower started," said Christina.

      The three girls were crowded in the small shower, but the closeness
added to their enjoyment.  They took turns washing each other's hair and
cleaning each other with a wash cloth.  Holly got on her knees and started
eating out Christina.  Amber also got on her knees and started licking
Christina from behind.  Amber had been fascinated by her tiny butt since
she'd first arrived.  They kept working on her until she had her third
orgasm of the night.  Then it was Christina's turn to eat pussy for her
first time.  She slid two fingers inside of Holly and licked her clit.
With her other hand she also slid two fingers inside of Amber.  Amber and
Holly began making out with each other as they were pleasured by the cute
girl.  Christina was surprisingly talented and had both girls moaning into
each other's mouths as they made out.  They both eventually climaxed and
they all finished up their shower.  They all slept in Holly's bed that
night and cuddled as they did with Christina in the middle.  In the morning
Holly awoke with Christina between her legs eating her out.  This was
definitely the most pleasant way she'd ever been woken up.

      Holly and Amber were sad when Christina had to leave, but they all
promised to stay in touch and to meet up again the next time she was in
town.


      It was the summer after their 10th grade year that Holly and Amber
decided to separate.  They both still had feelings for each other but
neither of them wanted to spend their entire time at high school in the
same relationship.  They remained close friends and would even get together
for sex occasionally.  By the time 11th grade had started Holly's breasts
had become a spectacular set of DDDs.  She enjoyed the attention they
brought her, but was also worried that if they didn't stop growing she
might have to do something to reduce them.  But fortunately that wasn't the
case.  She began to take interest in a girl at school named Lauren.  Lauren
was beautiful; her body was almost identical to Holly's even with the same
sized breasts.  Holly had never been with a girl whose breasts equaled her
own and she was anxious to.  The problem was that she knew Lauren had had
several boyfriends before.  This didn't mean that she'd never do anything
with a girl but it meant it was a possibility that she just wouldn't be
interested.  So Holly began talking to Lauren between classes and during
lunch.  The fact that Lauren would even talk to Holly gave her hope.  Most
of the school knew that Holly didn't like guys by now, and by talking to
her Lauren showed that she at least wasn't grossed out by the idea.  After
awhile they became fairly good friends.  Lauren had other female friends
but she always felt slightly uncomfortable around them.  She imagined they
were all envious of her breasts, which was slightly true but not to the
extent Lauren thought.  Since that wasn't an issue with Holly she was much
more comfortable around her.

      Holly had been wondering how to make her move, when Lauren made
things a lot easier by inviting her over to spend the night at her house.
They watched TV, had dinner and then went to Lauren's room.

      "So is it true what people say about you not liking guys?" Lauren
asked nervously.

      "Well, it's not that I don't like them.  I'm just not really
attracted to them,"

      "Oh, I see...have you actually had sex with a girl?"

      "Oh yeah!" Holly said enthusiastically, then she realized that might
make her sound promiscuous and added "only like 3 different girls, but we'd
do it a lot."  Holly thought for a second.  "What's the most you've ever
done with a guy?"

      "Not much, I've been fingered and tried giving a hand job.  Usually
they're just interested in my boobs,"

      "Well...I don't totally blame them. They sure are nice," Holly said
with a wink.

      "Hehe, thanks.  Yours too,"

      "Can I see them?"

      "All right," said Lauren.  Holly got up and moved closer to Lauren so
she was only sitting maybe a foot away.  Lauren then lifted her shirt
exposing her red bra.  She was nervous and shaking a little as she reached
behind herself to undo the clasp on the bra.  When it slid off and her
large breasts poured out all Holly could say was "wow".

      "Can I see yours?" Lauren asked.

      "Of course," said Holly who immediately removed her shirt and bra.
Lauren was equally impressed with Holly's pair.  The girls sat their in
front of each other for a moment, not sure what to do next.  They were both
excited and their nipples were hard and pointing directly at each other.
Holly was wondering how Lauren would react if she tried to touch hers.  But
before Holly had a chance Lauren brought her right hand to the underside of
Holly's left breast.  Her light touch sent a tingle through Holly's body
causing her to gasp out loud.  Lauren continued sliding her fingers over
Holly's breast, just barely touching it.  She started using both hands on
both breasts.

      Holly was so lost in the feeling that she almost forgot to return the
favor.  But she eventually snapped out of it, and brought her fingers up to
gently caress Lauren's breasts.  Occasionally a finger would brush against
a nipple causing its owner to shudder.

      "Here, there's something else I've been wanting to try," said Lauren.

      "Been wanting to?" ask Holly.  "You've been giving this some thought
haven't you?"

      Lauren blushed but didn't answer. She moved in closer so that her
nipples were touching Holly's.  She then moved gently side to side and up
and down, causing their nipples to rub against each other and bend
slightly.  They kept this up for awhile, before Holly reached behind her
friend and pulled her close.  Their chests mashed together and they both
enjoyed the feeling of their hard nipples stabbing in to each other's soft
breasts.  They separated and Holly had Lauren lay on her back.  She brought
her mouth down around the right nipple.  She licked and sucked on it while
gently squeezing the large breast.  Then she gave it a little bite, which
caused Lauren to gasp.  Holly loved that sound.  She then went to work on
the other nipple.  She then kissed right between the breasts and down
Lauren's stomach to her belly button.  Then she started to remove the jeans
and panties that blocked her way.  She then removed what clothes she still
had on and had Lauren spread her legs.

      "Oooh, nice and smooth," said Holly when she saw her friend's pussy.

      She then kissed Lauren's thighs making her way up toward the top of
her legs.  When she got to the top she gave her pussy a single kiss and
then stopped.  Holding her left tit in her hand she began rubbing Lauren's
clit with her nipple.  Lauren bucked her hips against Holly's tit.  Holly
rubbed her nipple up and down Laurens slit, getting it wet with her juices.
She then brought it to Lauren's mouth, she eagerly licked it clean.  Then
the girls traded places and Lauren titfucked Holly.  When Holly was done
licking her cum off of Lauren she asked her what she wanted to do next.

      "I don't know. Do you have any favorite things to do?" answered
Lauren.

      "Well there is one thing, here sit up and spread your legs a little,"

      Lauren did as she was told and Holly faced her and did the same.  She
put her left leg under Lauren's right and her right leg over Lauren's left.
She then scooted forward until her smooth pussy was pressed against
Lauren's.  Lauren didn't have to be told what to do next.  She leaned back
and held herself up with her arms, and Holly did the same.  They both
thrusted and gyrated their hips as their pussies slid against one another.
This felt amazing and they both moaned out loud.  Their tits bounced around
their chests as they fucked.  Holly sat up more and used one hand to pull
Lauren to her while still leaning back on the other hand.  They started
making out and sucking on each other's tongues while they were fucking cunt
to cunt.  Lauren was getting exhausted and lay flat on her back.  Holly
immediately got in a position straddling her friend and continued grind her
clit against Lauren's.  Both girls climaxed at the same time and lay side
by side for awhile recovering.

      "That was amazing!" exclaimed Lauren, who was still out of breath "Is
there anything else we can do?"

      "Well there's one thing I'd really like to try with you, but I don't
know if you'd like it,"

      "What is it?"

      "You'll probably think it's really sick,"

      "I doubt it, come on and just tell me,"

      "Well, when I was with Amber we'd have these ... contests,"

      "What do you mean?"

      "Well we'd have these contests to see who had the better boobs.  Like
sometimes we'd squeeze each other's until one of us gave up, or just twist
nipples. Or one time we held our hands behind our backs and slammed them
into each other's.  But I'd pretty much always win because mine were
bigger.  I always wanted to try it with someone that'd be a little more
equal."

      "Wow, doesn't that hurt?" asked a shocked Lauren.

      "Yeah...a lot...but its fun too," said Holly, worried she'd
frightened her friend.

      Lauren paused for a moment to consider the request.  The silence made
Holly worry more.

      "I think mine could beat yours," Lauren finally said with a smile.

      "Oh yeah?  How do you want to prove it?" asked Holly also smiling.

      "Well I think the squeezing one would work fine,"
      "Alright, but we've got to cut our nails first.  It's squeezing not
scratching,"

      Both girls took turns with the nail clippers and then got on their
knees facing each other.  They placed their hands on each other's breasts,
ready for the contest to begin.

      "It's 11:46 when the clock turns to 11:47 we'll start.  When you're
ready to give up just say so. No fair trying to block," explained Holly.

      "OK, but I won't be the one giving up,"

      "Yeah, we'll see,"

      The clock changed and both girls began squeezing.  It wasn't long
before they realized this was going to be a bigger challenge than either of
them had expected.  They both grimaced at the pain they were feeling in
their chests.  Their eyes stayed locked on each other as they both attacked
and fought the urge to block the attack on their own breasts.  Five minutes
went by and both girls were still going strong.  Although if you had asked
them how much time had gone by they'd have said twenty minutes.  They both
had tears in their eyes but were not yet close to giving in.  Another five
minutes went by and they were both grunting and almost crying.  Holly was
surprised and impressed, Amber had never lasted more than five minutes.
The contest never made it to the fifteen minute point.  After thirteen
minutes of being in pain Holly announced her surrender.  They separated and
began massaging their sore breasts.

      "Fuck, that hurt!" yelled Lauren "but you were right, it was fun,"

      "I told you so.  And it'll keep hurting for about a week, by the
way," informed Holly.

      "So what do I get for winning?" asked Lauren with a wicked grin.

      "Whatever you want," answered Holly grinning back.

      "Hm, good to know, think I'll save it for later,"

      The girls stayed up for only a little while longer.  They were both
exhausted from the night's activities.  They slept in each other's arms
that night, with both sets of large soft breasts pressing against each
other.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 40: horny-little-friends 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 28 Dec 2005 22:24:35 -0800 (PST)
From: Polly Ester
Subject: Horny Little Friends

Twelve year old Stephanie had a problem.  She was horny.
This wasn't unusual for Stephanie, who often got very
horny.  Just about everything got her horny, she liked
both boys and girls.  Usually she'd just squeeze her
legs together as waves of horniness came over her and
maybe squirm a little.

But Stephanie had just discovered masturbation, and
just squeezing her legs together wasn't enough.  And
she was on the bus home from school, sitting right
next to her best friend Jennifer.

She was lucky that she'd discovered masturbation on
Friday, so she'd had the whole weekend to play with
herself.  She'd found a discarded porno magazine, and
immediately her pussy had become damp.  When she got
home she rushed to her room, locked the door, and
started going through it.  The tingling in her
hairless pussy had gotten stronger than it ever had
before.

She was wriggling her hips around on the bed like
crazy as picture after picture of naked men and women
showed up on the pages before her.  She grabbed her
pillow and stuffed it between her legs, and hugged her
thighs around it.  She started moving her hips back
and forth humping the pillow slowly as she read, it
kept her from thrashing about wildly with that
uncontrollable ache in her pussy.

Then she came to a picture of a woman masturbating.
She squeezed down on the pillow really hard, it just
looked so sexy.  She'd heard about masturbation from
sex ed class, but hadn't really given it much thought.
She hadn't realized how sexy it looked, and the woman
looked like she was really enjoying herself.

So Stephanie nervously snaked a hand down underneath
her jeans and panties, discarding the pillow.  Her
pussy was thoroughly wet and aching.  A wave of
horniness overtook her and she clamped her thighs
around her hand and pressed her horny pussy into her
palm.  She couldn't help but move her hips and hump
her hand, she tried to keep it slow, she was pressing
her hand into her pussy as hard as she could, and a
little shudder of horniness went through her young
body.

In all the humping her hand came a little loose and
her fingers brushed her clit.  A wave of pleasure shot
through her making her freeze for a second.  Then she
moved her hands back to that same sweet spot and began
massaging it anew.  She was thrashing around on the
bed now uncontrollably.  She felt the pleasure
building and building until it overtook her.  She
clenched her teeth and let out a long, shuddering moan
as she orgasmed.  Her hips were in the air one moment
then came shuddering to the bed.  She jerked around
several times from aftershocks as she laid there.

She took her hand out of her jeans and basked in the
afterglow.  She felt good, her more or less constant
horniness was relieved for the moment.  Her hand was
soaked with pussy juice, she grabbed a kleenex and
wiped it off.  She knew her panties were soaked and
would need to be changed, her jeans even had a wet
spot on the crotch.  But she didn't care, she felt
better than she ever had before.

As she was laying there feeling happy, the phone rang.
 It was Jennifer. Jennifer was her best friend and
they confided everything to each other, but Stephanie
wasn't ready to share this with her friend just yet.
They were both very horny girls though, and they had
talked about that a lot.  It started when they were 9,
they would talk about cute boys and girls in class and
what it would be like to see them naked.  Finally one
day Stephanie confided in Jennifer about the feelings
she was having.

"My cunny gets really tingly when we talk about this"
she said.

"Mine too!" said Jennifer, relieved that she wasn't
the only one.

"I like thinking about everybody in class being naked
and I can walk around and touch them all over.  When I
think about that I have to squeeze my legs together
real hard!"

"Yeah, me too!" said Jennifer, "And I have to put a
pillow between my legs and squeeze it and my cunny
gets a little wet even though I haven't peed!"

"I know exactly what you mean!" said Stephanie, "My
cunny is feeling really, really tingly right now!"
she was squeezing her legs together really hard as she
said that.

Knowing her friend was feeling the same way made
Jennifer feel extra tingly.  She squirmed a little and
said "Yeah, mine too.  I need to use my pillow."  She
grabbed her pillow and bunched it tightly between her
legs, squeezing her thighs together.

Stephanie looked at her.  "Does that help?"

"A little" Jennifer said.

Stephanie grabbed another pillow and stuffed it
between her legs.  It did help a little.  They stayed
like that pressing their horny little pussies into
their pillows and talking about sexy naked people all
afternoon.

>From then on they would often just sit around getting
horny together.  Sometimes they would make up sexy
stories and squirm around hornily.  Other times they'd
just sit there and have sexy daydreams, their
breathing becoming heavier and squirming noticeably.
It was a favorite pass-time, though they both felt a
little unfulfilled from being so horny all the time.

When they were 10 they moved on to undressing before
having their horny time.  Seeing each other naked made
them extra horny and made the pillows a little bit
extra stimulating.  When they were in the changing
room at school they each made sure to bend over naked
in front of the other too.  They did their best to be
inconspicuous.

At the age of 11 it moved on to some touching.  During
one of their naked horny sessions Jennifer was
pressing her pussy hard into her pillow, her ass
grinding slightly.  Stephanie couldn't help herself,
she reached out and cupped her friends ass,
alternating between kneading and rubbing.

Jennifer was surprised, but this made her tingles even
stronger and she pressed even harder into her pillow.
Stephanie moved her other hand to stroke Jennifer's
smooth legs and felt her friend clench several times.
Jennifer tensed right up as she experienced a
mini-orgasm for the first time.  It wasn't that
satisfying, but it felt pretty good and soon Jennifer
was returning the favor by fondling Stephanie's ass as
she humped her pillow, sending her into her own little
mini-orgasm.

But these mini orgasms were nowhere near as powerful
as what Stephanie experienced when she masturbated.
She'd discovered a huge explosion of pleasure, it was
the best thing she'd ever felt.  What she'd just
experienced was floating serenely through her mind as
Jennifer called.  She knew she'd tell Jennifer about
this eventually, but she wanted to make it special
when she did.  She wanted to be the one to physically
introduce her to it on the spur of the moment, make it
sudden and special.

"Hi Steph!" said Jennifer.

Stephanie tried to control her breathing.  "Hi Jen",
she said.

But Jen could hear Stephanie's breathlessness and
giggled, "You were just thinking naughty thoughts,
weren't you?"

"Yeah", said Stephanie, "I was thinking about some of
the older girls at our school.  I wish I could see
their naked boobs, nobody in our grad has any."

"You're starting to get them a little," said Jennifer,
"and some of the girls in our class have small bumps.
I was noticing some of them soaping up in the shower
today, I almost got caught staring.  God I'm feeling
so tingly now!"

Talking like this was starting to get Stephanie all
tingly again too.

 "Yeah, me too!" she said, "I watched you soaping up
in the shower too, I got so tingly I could barely
stand it!"

"God, I love watching you soap up your body too!  I'd
better take my pants and underwear off before they get
soaked!" said Jennifer, "hold on while I grab my
pillow".

Stephanie crossed her legs.  She wanted to masturbate
again now, but she knew that if she did Jennifer might
notice something different in her horny breathing, and
she'd definitely notice such a big orgasm.

"I'm back!" said Jennifer, "I'll bet the older girls
look so sexy when they soap up their boobs.  Don't you
just want to soap them up for them?"

Stephanie had to press her palm into her pussy hard as
it gave a shudder at those words.  It took all her
will to keep from rubbing herself to another orgasm
right there.

"Y-yeah..." she said.  "You know, we should soap each
other up in the shower sometime!"

"Oh goddd.." Jennifer groaned, the ache in her pussy
having just intensified, "That's an incredible idea!
We really should try that!"

Stephanie thought of soaping Jennifer's sexy body, her
ass and pussy slippery and lathered up.  Then she
thought about Jennifer doing the same thing to her.
She knew she couldn't help it much longer, she was
going to have to masturbate and soon.

"Uh, I've got to go, I think I hear my mom coming!"
Stephanie lied.

"Okay!" Jennifer said, obviously disappointed, "I'll
talk to you later!".

Stephanie knew that the ache in Jennifer's pussy was
too strong now for her to do anything but sit there
squeezing her thighs until it subsided.  She and
Jennifer had gone through that many times, the
delightful agony of feeling the tingly ache and trying
to think of other things until it had gone down enough
for them to un-tangle themselves from the pillow and
get dressed.

But now Stephanie had a way of satisfying that ache at
last.  As soon as she hung up the phone she reached
down and massaged her aching clit in earnest.  It only
took a few seconds of manipulation for her to thrash
about in orgasm.  She came over and over again, and
when she was done she started over again, her hands
like a blur over her pussy as she brought herself back
up to the edge of orgasm and then over.

And then she was at peace.  For years she'd had to
live with almost constant horniness.  Even when she
wasn't aching she'd always have a low-grade tingle in
her pussy and she'd get excited extremely easily.  But
for the next few hours that tingle was gone.  She was
sure that if she saw something really sexy she'd still
get wet in seconds, but she no longer had the urge to
think about sexual things day in/day out.

Over the weekend she couldn't keep her hands away from
her horny pussy.  She was having 9 or 10 masturbation
sessions a day, each one with multiple orgasms.  She
couldn't help thinking about Jennifer all soaped up in
the shower, and her hands as they would slip and slide
over her friends smooth, firm ass and wet, horny
pussy.  Luckily she spent most of her time in her room
anyway so nobody in her family noticed.

It was all she could do to keep from humping her chair
at school on Monday though.  She excused herself to go
to the washroom a few times, but she made sure they
were in different classes and tried to make it
inconspicuous.  The way she'd squirm in her chair
would most likely just seem like she had to pee
anyway.

One class their sexy History teacher Mrs. Monroe
dropped her chalk and Stephanie could see her cleavage
as she turned around and bent over to pick it up.  She
couldn't find it and eventually located it under her
desk.  As she crawled under to pick it up the whole
class had a good view of her round, sexy ass.  She was
wearing a very short, tight miniskirt that rode up a
little giving everybody a good view of her panties.

Stephanie looked over at Jennifer, who had crossed her
legs and was grinding into her chair as
inconspicuously as possible.  Her hands were clutching
the edges of her desk, her knuckles were white with
effort.  Stephanie couldn't take it anymore and shot
her hand up asking to go to the bathroom.  When she
got in the stall it only took her seconds to finger
herself to massive, multiple orgasms.

But her last class was gym.  Jennifer had given her
the usual surreptitious peep show, and this time she
noticed that she'd built up extra lather to soap up
her body.  Stephanie had to stop herself from staring,
looking nonchalantly around at the other girls.  That
didn't help much, a shower room full of sexy, soapy
girls was getting her hornier and hornier.  It was
only with a great effort that she fought the urge to
finger herself right there in front of them as she
soaped herself up.

And now she was on the bus ride home, so horny she
could barely handle it.  She and Jennifer were sitting
in the back of the bus, where the vibrations always
tortured their horny pussies as they drove over
gravel.  Stephanie was formulating a plan to get
Jennifer into the shower with her at home, but instead
of just soaping each other up she was going to
masturbate her friend to a huge orgasm, then teach her
how to do it to herself.

These thoughts were too much for Stephanie.  They were
both sitting there breathing heavily and enjoying the
vibrations.  Stephanie suddenly felt herself going
into a mini-orgasm.  She grabbed Jennifer's arm and
whimpered, then she grunted a small "nnnnggg!!" and
tensed right up.  After a few seconds she let out a
shuddering breath and let go.

"Wow!" whispered Jennifer, "That's never happened just
from the bus ride before!  You must have been thinking
of something really sexy!"

"Y-yeah!" said Stephanie

This really turned on Jennifer a lot more, but she
wasn't able to get to the point that Stephanie was at
where she could have a mini orgasm.  At least not
before their stop, which came up suddenly forcing them
to leave the bus.

"Wanna come over to my place?" asked Stephanie, "My
parents won't be home for a few hours, we'll have
plenty of time to ourselves."

"Allright!" said Jennifer eagerly.

Stephanie felt a slight chill and looked down to see
that her little orgasm on the bus had soaked right
through her panties and formed a huge wet spot on the
crotch of her jeans.  Jennifer looked too.

"Oh my god, that must have been really something!" she
said enviously.

"I'd better hurry home before somebody notices!" said
Stephanie, "I guess I'll have to have a shower"

Stephanie winked at this last statement, and Jennifer
felt her pussy throb.  They hurried to Stephanie's
house.  They threw down their book bags and ran up the
stairs to the washroom.  Stephanie started undressing
right away as Jennifer watched.  Jennifer reached and
fondled her friends ass as soon as she took off her
panties.

Stephanie spread her legs a little, then bent over to
put her clothes in the hamper.  She had to bend over
quite a bit and this caused Jennifer's hand to move
down underneath to her pussy.  Neither of them had
ever touched the other's pussy before, usually their
pussies were pressed firmly against a pillow which was
being frantically grinded against.  A nice ass
grabbing was the farthest that they'd gone, even
though they both really wanted to touch the other's
pussy they'd been too shy to say anything.

Stephanie's pussy juices soaked Jennifer's hand with
wet, sticky fluid.  Stephanie wiggled her butt around
a little forcing her friends hand to slosh around
between her horny, sticky pussy lips.  Jennifer got so
horny at this that she became a little dizzy, and
almost fainted.  Instead she stumbled a few steps back
and ended up leaning against the bathroom door red
faced and panting heavily.

Stephanie got up and walked over to her friend.
"What's the matter, was that a little too much for
you?" she asked?

Jennifer didn't answer, and Stephanie took her hand
again and placed it right on her pussy lips once more
and began grinding into her palm.  Jennifer whimpered,
and suddenly felt a mini-orgasm of her own building.

"NNNNNGGGG!!!" she moaned loudly.  She was always more
vocal in her passion than Stephanie, and now she let
out a small but high pitched squeal as she tensed her
legs together and shuddered several times.

Stephanie smirked.  "Looks like you're going to need a
shower now too!"

Sure enough, there was a huge wet spot on Jennifer's
crotch now, just like Stephanie had.  She quickly took
off her clothes as Stephanie set up the shower.  When
she turned around she saw that Stephanie was already
in the shower soaping up.  Jennifer rushed in and
immediately began running her hands over Stephanie's
body.  She grabbed the soap and began soaping up
everything, from her small, budding breasts until
finally she got down to her waist.

She quickly soaped up Stephanie's round, smooth ass
and reached under to soap up her pussy.  She groped
her friend's slippery ass with one hand and played
around with her pussy with the other.  Stephanie
grinded against her friend's hand hornily, but
Jennifer was inexperienced and did not know what she
would need to do to get her friend off.  After several
minutes of this Stephanie turned around to face her
friend.

She looked at her friend hungrily, then pushed her
against the wall and kissed her passionately.  As
their tongues intertwined they each knew that they had
surpassed their friendship.  Before, even though they
were exploring their horny fantasies together and even
doing a little touching, they had never made the
mental jump to being anything more than friends.  But
now as they kissed they knew that they had made that
jump.  They were no longer just friends, they were
lovers.

They humped against each other's legs as they kissed.
Jennifer moaned, and Stephanie reached her hands
around to cup her friends ass as she humped and
grinded frantically.  Finally they broke off.

"It's my turn to wash you now!" said Stephanie.  She
slowly soaped up Jennifer's ass as Jennifer moaned,
her cunt dripping with more than just shower water.
Then Stephanie reached underneath to fondle her
friends pussy, which had only started to grow a few
wisps of hair. Being more experienced, Stephanie knew
exactly what to do to get her friend off.  She quickly
went for the clit and began massaging it.

Jennifer gasped loudly, and her hips began bucking
uncontrollably.  Jennifer was thrashing around so
wildly that Stephanie nearly lost her place a few
times, but she managed to zero back in to her friends
clit and rub it fast and hard. Her own pussy was
aching like never before, but all she could do was
position her foot so that her heel was in the right
position and grind that as she focussed on Jennifer.

Stephanie was underneath her friend, her hand reaching
up with an amazing view of her friends clenching ass
and bucking hips and her own hand as it worked
tirelessly on giving pleasure.  Jennifer squealed
loudly.  She was starting to cum, and it was going to
be a big one.

"oh god... oh goddd... OH GODD.. OHHH GODDDDD..."
Jennifer was panting heavier and heaver, and then she
started mumbling incoherently.  Finally she she
entered the final stretch.  She bucked her pussy into
her friends hand and clenched up.  "nggg...
NNNNGGGGG...
NGGGGGGAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!" she
practically screamed as she came.

She grunted several more times as aftershocks flooded
her system forcing her to buck about wildly.  Her legs
gave out on her and she fell down, but Stephanie
caught her.  She was right under Jennifer, who had
collapsed right down onto Stephanie's face.  Stephanie
grabbed her friend's waist to steady her as Jennifer
shook with more aftershocks, her wet pussy sliding all
over her friend's upward-looking face.  This made
Stephanie so horny that she whimpered a little
herself.

Finally Jennifer got a hold of herself and shakily
picked herself up, and collapsed on the other side of
the tub facing her friend.  She still couldn't speak,
but she wasn't sure what to say anyway.  Stephanie
looked at her friend.  "I figured out how to do that
the other day, I've been dying to show you."

Jennifer still couldn't think of what to say, she just
looked at her friend.  Stephanie re-positioned herself
so that her legs were spread out.  "I got so tingly
doing that to you, I really need to do myself now.
You just watch!"

And Stephanie reached her hand down and began
massaging her wet, aching clit.  With her best friend
watching, she masturbated herself hard and fast.  Her
hands were a blur, and she was whimpering like crazy.
Having Jennifer watch her made masturbating
unbelievably more stimulating and she couldn't keep
the sounds from escaping her mouth.

Jennifer was getting turned on all over again watching
what her friend was doing to herself.  Her own pussy
needed attention and she had the general idea of what
to do now.  Jennifer found that she'd gotten her
second wind and was ready to cum again.  She spread
her legs and masturbated just as hard and as fast as
Stephanie was.  Stephanie was so excited to see her
friend playing with herself that she began humping the
air as she increased her speed even more.

Both friends felt their orgasms building at the same
time.  Their panting and moaning got louder and louder
until they screamed.  Neither of them could contain
their orgasms into small grunts, they were way too big
for that.  They screamed and clenched their hips way
up in the air, unable to control themselves. As they
spasmed with aftershocks they almost sounded like they
were crying and they laid there shaking on the tub
floor.

Finally Stephanie got up, spots swam before her eyes,
and made her way over to where her friend was slumped
beside the tap.  They kissed passionately, then helped
each other up.  As they stumbled unsteadily out of the
tub, Jennifer looked at Stephanie and gasped,. "We
have GOT to do that again sometime!"

Stephanie smiled devilishly, "You bet your sexy little
ass we will!"

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 41: hypnotic-roommates 
---------------------------------------- 
From: an89324@anon.penet.fi
Reply-To: an89324@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri,  3 Jun 1994 12:39:10 UTC
Subject: Hypnotic Roommates (ff, mind control)

You seem to spend all your time over in the video lab," said Susan as her
roommate Andrea came in. "I don't see how you have time to do anything for
your other classes." "Actually, I think I've found a way to combine two
assignments," said Andrea, smiling. "I've been working on a videotape which
is also a special project in my Advanced Psych. class."

"A Psych video?" Susan looked sceptical. She never was sure what it was that
Andrea was up to in her major classes, but she'd been messing around with the
video camera equipment and a computer for weeks. "How in the world is that
going to give you credit in Psychology?" "It's for that class on relaxation
and altered states of consciousness," explained her roommate. "I think anyone
who sees it would be convinced." She smiled, her large dark eyes flashing.

"You know what I think about that stuff, don't you." Susan shook her head. "I
think it's a lot of nonsense - it's just in your own imagination, that's
all." Andrea was still smiling. "If I showed you the tape, would you believe
me then? I think it's pretty hard to deny." "Sure," said Susan. "Just don't
be so sure. How long is it?" "About half an hour", replied Andrea as she
inserted the tape into the VCR. "Just have a seat over there."

Susan sat down and brushed her dark hair back from her eyes as the tape
started. It appeared to be just a blank, black screen, but as Andrea turned
down the lights in the room a few faint bands of color could be seen. "I
thought this was going to be some shots of your project," said Susan. "You
talked like this was some sort of demonstration or something." "Shhh," said
Andrea softly. "It is. You'll see. Now just look at it for a few minutes."
The rings of color were plainer now, and they were moving slowly out from a
central point and disappearing as they reached the edge of the screen. Soft
music had begun to play in the background.

Susan sat back in her chair and watched the rings as they grew and vanished.
She had no idea what it was that Andrea was up to, but if this was her
project, then she was in trouble. All it was was some simple graphics and
music, just a bunch of colored circles that kept moving out from the center
of the screen. It sort of gave you the illusion that you were the one moving,
that the circles were standing still as you were drawn gently forward. She
watched the circles, noticing that they seemed to come in a pattern that she
couldn't quite place. Andrea stood over to the side, watching as Susan stared
at the screen. She knew that if she kept looking at it just a little bit
longer, then her tape would be working as planned. The most important part
was the first few minutes-after that she didn't think anyone could stop
looking at it even if they tried. And soon after that, they wouldn't even
want to try.

Every time Susan thought she knew what the pattern to the expanding circles
was, it seemed she guessed wrong, and had to keep watching to figure it out.
The illusion of movement was very strong now, and she had, without noticing
it, given in to the pleasant sensation of being swept along by the glowing
rings. The soft, tinkling music seemed to help. It distracted her as the
rings kept coming, over and over. Andrea decided that it was time to see if
Susan was responding as she should. "What do you think?" she asked quietly.
Susan didn't look up, but continued to watch the video, motionless in her
chair. "It makes me feel a little strange" she answered. "It won't hurt,"
said Andrea, since Susan seemed ready to look away, "I promise. Trust me."
"Actually, it's sort of nice," Susan said more softly. "The colored rings
look like they're standing still, and it's like I'm moving into them. . ."
"That's right," said Andrea. She licked her lips. "Have you noticed how they
keep coming, even when they look like they might stop?" Susan was staring
fixedly at the screen. "Yess. . " she said, even more softly than before.
"They keep moving. . they don't stop. They keep coming over and over. . .over
and over. . ." She felt a strange sensation that she couldn't place as she
stared at the screen. There was something about the way the colors changed as
the rings moved that made it hard to look away. She tried to look up at
Andrea and found that her eyes wouldn't move from the center of the screen. A
little voice in her head started to warn her, but the rings were glowing and
moving so smoothly and prettily that she didn't pay it any attention. Over
and over. . .over and over. She knew that something about the way she was
staring into the rings should worry her, but she couldn't think of what it
was. She felt so drowsy all of a sudden, but the pretty lights on the screen
kept her from thinking about it, or about the way that she felt she couldn't
move. The smooth flashing rings of light kept her from thinking about
anything except watching the screen. She knew if she didn't stop looking at
it then something would happen, but she was too sleepy to do anything about
it. Too drowsy. In a minute or two she'd stop watching the pretty lights, but
not now, when they were coming over and over. . .it was easier just to keep
watching for a while. . she relaxed and let the soothing patterns carry her
along, watching and listening. . .

Andrea was thrilled to see that Susan seemed to be oblivious to anything else
except the screen in front of her. This was just the way things were supposed
to work. She watched Susan's expression closely as the next phase of the tape
began, now that her attention was completely fixed. Now the rings seemed to
develop a texture as they grew. As they expanded, they seemed to be turning
as well, gentle spokes wheeling about. Susan stared as the turning rings
moved in front of her. She was losing awareness of everything else in the
room. The turning, whirling rings were so fascinating. The tinkling music was
perfectly synchonized to the patterns, so that it seemed to draw her further
into their rhythmic motions. Over and over. Round and round. She had never
seen anything so fascinating. The patterns were absolutely mesmerizing. It
was so easy just to watch, just to stare and not think about anything except
the way the wheels turned and floated past her. Susan didn't know when she'd
felt so incredibly relaxed. Round and round. So relaxed. It felt good to
concentrate on the screen. The whirling spokes were beginning to mesh now,
meeting gently as they turned and grew. Round and round. So relaxing. The
music was urging her to let go, to sink into the mesmerizing flow of patterns
on the screen. She thought it would feel nice, like a warm bath. Round and
round. Nice. Like a soft warm blanket. She began to sink into the screen.
Concentrating on the turning, glowing rings and wheels. The music was calling
to her as she began to let go and sink into the soft whirling lights. Round
and round. . .her entire body felt warm and fuzzy as she moved deeper and
deeper into the soft, whirling patterns. . .warm and drowsy. . .Susan felt
like she was falling into the softest, most relaxing sleep she'd ever known.

Andrea watched Susan's face as the patterns began to draw her in, hardly able
to contain her excitement. Susan was obviously reacting just as she'd hoped.
Her eyes were wide and glassy as she stared helplessly at the flashing wheels
on the screen, her lips slightly open as she sat completely motionless. The
whirling patterns cast shadows across her relaxed face and full, heavy
breasts. The timing was perfect, as the patterns of spokes turned and meshed
into a whirling spiral, a spinning whirlpool of colors and light. Andrea
listened closely as the suggestions she'd recorded into the music became loud
enough to hear. She knew that they were passing directly into Susan's
wide-open, receptive mind as she stared into the screen. Susan was helpless
to resist now, she was sure. All she needed was to wait while the tape put
her completely under. She was sure that no one could resist the hypnotic
pattern that she'd developed - it was all she could do to keep her eyes away
from it herself, and she knew what it was designed to do. Susan, though, was
completely helpless as she stared directly into the screen.

Susan stared as the spiral became clear, turning around and around. Beautiful
waves of color moved across it as it whirled. She was falling into it,
letting go completely. It felt so good just to surrender her consciousness to
it, just to sink into the spiral. Round and round. . .going down, deeper and
deeper. It was pulling her in. Whirling and whirling. . .she began to feel
obedient. The spiral somehow made her drowsy and compliant. It just kept
going round and round and round. She felt herself falling into the endless
whirlpool, disappearing into its fascinating depths. Slipping away. It felt
so good just to give in. The music was moving in thick waves over her. So
soothing. So good just to give in. Just to watch the beautiful spinning
spiral and do what she was told to do. All those thoughts about looking away
were disappearing. She wanted to watch the spinning disk on the screen. She
wanted to keep falling into it and listening to the music. There was a voice
in the music. She found that she would do whatever it told her to do. The
beautiful wheel and the soft colors would control her. She was so happy to
let the voice command. She would obey. Just watch the wheel, the voice told
her. Whirling and whirling. She would obey. Susan knew that she had let
herself fall under the spell of the swirling colors, but she didn't care. It
felt so warm and good to obey. She was a good slave girl. That's what the
voice was telling her now. She was a slave to the beautiful spinning wheel
and the soft voice. She would obey. She was a slave. A slave to it.
Everything the voice told her to do was an irresistible command. She wanted
to be soft and submissive, to be under its control. The voice was telling her
to come deeper into the spiraling wheel, and Susan felt a warm glow as she
obeyed and sank further. It felt so good to obey. So good to be a slave girl.
She would obey. . .

Andrea's breath was coming in thick gasps as she watched Susan surrender her
will to her voice on the tape. Susan's face was utterly blank, eyes wide and
glassy as she stared slack-jawed in total fascination at the whirling spiral
in front of her. The commands that Andrea had implanted were clear above the
music now: "Obey. . .watch and obey. . .relax and obey. . .you are watching
the spiral. . .sinking into the spiral. . .it makes you want to do as you are
told. . you must obey. . ." Andrea's voice rose above the music a bit more:
"You are hypnotized now. . .hypnotized. . .you are hypnotized by the spiral.
. hypnotized by the beautiful whirling disk. . ." Andrea sank to her knees
next to Susan as her roommate began to smile blankly, the shimmering spiral
reflected in her wide, staring eyes. She was smiling at the swirling colors
in front of her, a dazed expression on her face. Andrea loved seeing her like
that. Her pulse raced as she realized that she would be able to make Susan do
anything she wanted to now, that Susan wanted with all her mind to be nothing
but her slave.

The voice was telling her that she was hypnotized now, and Susan knew that it
was true. She believed everything the voice said. She was hypnotized by the
whirling spiral that had become the only thing in the room. She could feel it
hypnotizing her, warm waves of relaxation moving out from it into her open,
receptive mind. Hypnotizing her. Hypnotizing her with the way it spun around
and around, always going deeper. This was how it felt to be hypnotized. She
never could have dreamed how nice it was. How good it felt to be under
hypnosis, under hypnotic control. She knew who the voice belonged to now,
that it was Andrea talking to her as she watched in a deep hypnotic state.
Andrea was her master. Andrea was the master of the fascinating, hypnotic
spiral that controlled her mind.. She was telling her that it was time to
submit her entire mind and body now, to go into a trance. Susan wanted to do
that. She felt a deep desire to obey, an overwhelming urge to submit. She was
a slave, and all she wanted to do was serve Andrea, her master. To go into a
trance. Andrea's voice was telling her to prepare to surrender totally to her
hypnotic power. The spiral was turning faster now. Susan felt all her
thoughts begin to move down into it. She could feel the intense hypnotic
influence reaching out for her mind and she submitted dreamily. Faster and
faster, round and round. She was falling into it. Falling faster and faster.
She could see only an endless spiral in front of her now, a deep whirling
tunnel that pulled her in as she stared into it. Andrea's voice was
controlling her every thought, hypnotizing her into total obedience.
Hypnotizing her into being a glassy-eyed slave girl. Putting her into a
trance. Susan wanted that so much. She wanted the whirling spiral to control
her mind. She could feel herself being utterly hypnotized by it now. With her
entire body and mind she wanted to be Andrea's slave, to obey her every
command. The spiral was whirling so fast now that Susan felt all her thoughts
disappearing. Her mind was going blank now. Completely blank. She knew that
she was turning into a completely hypnotized slave girl now. She felt herself
going under, going into a deep hypnotic trance. There was only the spiral.
And the voice. The whirling spiral. The soothing voice. Andrea's voice. Her
master. She was her slave girl. She must obey. She must obey her master. She
was hypnotized. Hypnotized. Hyp-no-tized. Hyp. . .no. . .tized. Hyp. . . .
no. . . .tized. . . .


Hypnotic Roommates, Part 2

Susan's smile became fixed in a broad, frozen expression as her eyes widened
completely and became locked in a glassy stare. Her entire body shook lightly
as she relaxed totally, and her head tipped to one side as she smiled
obliviously into the screen. She was obviously entranced, completely under
control. Andrea couldn't stand it any more; the excitement of having her
roommate hypnotized like this was too much for her. She hurridly took off her
sweater and, after pausing to slow her excited breathing down, said softly:
"Hello, Susan." Susan smiled dreamily in response. "You may speak now," said
Andrea. "Hel-lo" said Susan in a soft, far-away voice. She continued to stare
off into the rapidly rotating spiral on the screen in front of her. "You're
looking deep into the spinning disk now, aren't you?" said Andrea, trying to
keep her voice steady. "Yess. . ." answered Susan, "Deep into it. . ."
"You're hypnotized by it, aren't you?", asked Andrea. "Yes, master," answered
her dazed roommate. "I am hypnotized." "And you'll do whatever I tell you to,
won't you?" "Yes, master," Susan answered immediately. "I am in a trance
now." Andrea licked her lips. "That's because you're my slave, aren't you?"
"Yes, Andrea," said Susan in her new little-girl voice. "I am your slave girl
and I must obey." Andrea closed her eyes momentarily and moaned softly to
herself.

"Now, I want you to take off your sweater for me" said Andrea, biting her lip
gently in her excitement. Susan complied eagerly. She wanted to obey. It felt
so good to be able to do whatever her master told her to do. Her mind was a
complete blank except for her desire to obey. She pulled the fabric over her
head and sat watching the spinning disk in her bra, the light playing over
her firm, swollen breasts. Andrea couldn't hold back any longer; the sight of
her pretty girlfriend turned into her hypnotized slave was exciting her more
than she'd ever imagined. "Your bra feels tight to you now" she said in a
soothing monotone. "So tight. You'd feel so much better if you just took it
off. . ." Susan felt a warm, powerful urge to take off her bra as Andrea
suggested. Her fingers reached up as if they had minds of their own and began
to undo the fittings. Smiling dreamily in her deep trance, she removed it and
let it slip from her hand. Her full, round breasts sat firmly on her chest,
their wide brown nipples turned up slightly at the tips. It felt so good to
release them. Her master wanted to see her topless. She would obey. She
always did whatever Andrea told her to do. She was a good slave girl.

Andrea fumbled for the hooks of her own bra, feeling that she had to remove
her clothes soon or lose her mind. The sight of Susan's beautiful tits
sitting out in the open was almost too much for her - she'd had to force
herself not to stare at them ever since she began rooming with Susan, and now
she could make all her fantasies come true. Susan was in such a deep trance
that she'd never remember what happened to her, and she was utterly
subserviant while she remained under. "Doesn't it feel good now?," she asked.
Susan smiled happily: "Yes, master. . .so good" 

Andrea reached up and began to lightly stroke her own nipples with the tips
of her fingers. She caught her breath sharply and said "Now here's what I
want you to do. You want to lift up your hands now. . .lift up your arms
until they stand straight out. You've seen pictures of people when they're
hypnotized, haven't you?" Susan began to slowly bring her arms out in front
of her. "Yes, master," she replied. "Like a sleepwalker. . ." She smiled as
she held her arms straight out in front of her, pointed into the flickering
spiral on the video screen. Her firm breasts sat compressed slightly between
them. "That's right," said Andrea. "Like a sleepwalker. . .you're in a
hypnotic sleep. . ." She was lightly kneading her pointed breasts with her
fingers now, licking her lips as she watched Susan smile back at the spinning
hypnodisk. "Hypnotic sleep" repeated Susan, "I'm hyp-no-tized. . ." She sat
with her arms pointed directly into the spinning disk, wide-eyed and smiling.

"Yes. . .yes. . " moaned Andrea. "Now you're starting to feel a powerful urge
to feel your breasts. . .to stroke and hold them. You can feel them getting
so warm and sensitive. . .you can't keep your hands away. . ." Susan slowly
reached for her jutting tits, smiling as she took one firm breast in each
hand and squeezed it gently. "Tell me how good it feels to play with your
tits, Susan. . ." said Andrea, who was pulling on her own erect nipples now
and hardly able to gasp out the words. "Tell me how much you love to feel
yourself and rub your nipples. . ." Susan was stroking the warm flesh of her
breasts rhythmically. "I'm playing with my tits now, master" she said in her
little-girl voice. "They feel so warm and heavy in my hands. . .it's so nice
to squeeze them and stroke them. . .so nice to rub them. . ." She was cupping
each heavy smooth breast in each hand, reaching around to play with her own
nipples. "Tell me about your nipples," moaned Andrea. She was shedding her
panties as she spoke. "They feel so wonderful," said Susan, "so nice. They're
getting hard now, master. When I stroke them with my fingers they stand up
and feel so good." She was tweaking and pulling on her huge brown nipples
now, pulling on the warm flesh of her breasts with a flushed expression on
her mesmerized face. "Make me play with them, master." said Susan. "Make me
play with my heavy tits." "Yes, Susan. . .you want to pull on them now," said
Andrea. Susan took her firm brown nipples between her fingers and tugged them
ecstatically, first one and them the other.

"Yes. . .yes, Susan, you have to play with them for me," said Andrea. "You
know that men like to look at them, don't you?" "Yes, Andrea," said Susan as
she squeezed the smooth brown flesh of her breasts, smiling ecstatically.
"They love to watch my tits. . .they want to feel them. . .feel them. . .feel
them. . ." Susan massaged herself in time as she repeated the words. "They're
so big, Susan, "said Andrea, trembling with excitement. "They're so big that
you must be able to lick your own nipples. . .have you ever done that?"

"Yes, master," said Susan. "When I'm alone and I want to play with myself. .
.I lick them and lick them until I have to come . . ." She smiled as she
cupped her heavy tits in each hand so that her nipples jutted out. "Suck them
for me now, Susan," moaned Andrea. "Lick your nipples." "Yes, Andrea. I must
lick them," she said, pulling the left one up and tilting her head down. Her
tongue moved out slowly, seeking the pulsing brown nipple. Andrea's legs were
shaking as she watched, hardly able to keep herself from coming. Susan's
tongue flicked against her own nipple, back and forth, then she bent forward
and licked it more firmly. The front of her tan breast began to shine where
she licked it, in smooth strokes, tongue busily slapping at the hard brown
bud at its center. Andrea couldn't control herself. Watching her hypnotized
girlfriend licking her own tits was making her lose her mind, and she leaned
forward toward Susan's other breast, still cupped in her hand. Her lips
opened in a small "O" as she approached. She felt flushed with the desire to
finally put her mouth on Susan's young body.

Susan gasped a little as Andrea clamped her warm mouth over her right breast.
She was totally in thrall to Andrea, and the commands that she had followed
had reduced her to a state of desire that she had never reached. She felt
Andrea's tongue began to slurp across her nipple, and it sent a hot bolt of
pleasure into her. Her hypnotized mind registered only that as long as she
obeyed this incredible sensation would continue...her entranced body was
trembling at the sensations coming up from her throbbing breasts. She was a
slave to the incredible feelings that her master was giving her. She reached
down and cupped her heavy tits in her hands so that Andrea could suck first
one, then the other, back and forth.

Andrea loved the sensation of Susan's hard brown nipples between her lips.
She pursed her lips around one of them and rubbed it with her tongue - she
loved having that done to her, and she was sure it would have the same effect
on Susan. The small wet smacking noises her tongue made were driving her
crazy. and she knew that she'd have to do something about it soon. "Lick me,
master," Susan said, beginning to gasp a bit. "Suck meee. . ."

Andrea  pulled back and looked into Susan's flushed face and her glassy eyes.
"Now, Susan, you will stand up for me, and take off the rest of your clothes.
. .all of your clothes for me." Susan stood up and obeyed. "Yes, Andrea. All
my clothes." Her shiny tits hung from her chest as she bent over to take off
her jeans. Andrea could hear a small moist sound as she peeled off her
panties, which were soaking with excitement. She stood wide-eyed in the
shifting light from the screen, completely naked. Her waist flared a bit to
smooth, rounded hips and tanned legs. Andrea walked over to the other side of
the room and quickly shed her remaining clothes.

"Come to me now, Susan. . .come to your master," she said, and Susan's arms
came up like a robot's. She walked slowly, directly at Andrea with her arms
straight out and a look of blank obedience on her face, her breasts shaking a
bit from side to side, and stopped right in front of her. Andrea's knees were
weak with her unbelievable excitement as she stepped forward and ran her
hands over Susan's smooth arms and shoulders. She stepped in between her
outstretched arms and stared directly into her eyes. "Kiss me now, Susan. .
.you want to hold me, embrace me. . ." Susan slowly moved forward and closed
her arms around Andrea's back. Her firm breasts were the next thing to touch,
and Andrea gave a small moan as she felt the erect nipples press into her
tits. Then Susan moved one 
hand to the back of Andrea's head and pulled her 
closer, lips parting. Andrea tilted her head and their lips met, parting,
moving slowly as they kissed. Susan was slow and deliberate in her hypnotized
state, gently moving her tongue past her lips and in and out of Andrea's warm
mouth. Her hands were moving up and down the smooth skin of Andrea's back,
and she began to moan softly. . .holding Andrea's body was her only desire.

Andrea pulled back a bit, and with a small motion commanded Susan to stay
where she was. Her desire wouldn't let her wait any longer. There were so
many things she wanted to do with Susan and with Susan's smooth young body,
but she knew that there would be plenty of time to experiment, now that she
had her under such deep control. She stepped back  and sat on the same chair
that Susan had been in when she had gone under, turning it to face her. She
slid forward a bit, parting her legs - she couldn't believe how excited she
was; she'd never seen herself so wet. Susan watched, eyes fixed on Andrea,
still lost in her deep trance.

Andrea slowly ran a hand down her stomach to the top of her moist patch of
hair. She spread her knees wider and slid forward in the chair as her fingers
brushed her wet, pouty labia. So warm and slick. . .she moaned and fought for
control, ready to come at the touch of her fingers. "Now, Susan," she gasped
out, "you must come and help me now. . .come to me, Susan. . ." Susan's arms
came up again as she obeyed and walked over to where Andrea sat, trembling
and panting. "Now get down on your knees. . .down on your knees like a good
slave girl. . .good hypnotized slave girl. . ." Susan sank to the floor, eyes
dreamily  looking up ant Andrea. "Yes, master. I am a hypnotized slave girl."

"Look down," moaned Andrea. "Look between my legs, Susan. . .tell me what you
see. . .tell me everything you see." Susan's eyes moved down as she was
commanded. "I see your. . .I see your cunt, master. . .your wet hair. . .your
lips, master. . ." She was smiling now, eyes fixed between Andrea's smooth
thighs. She moved her head closer: "I see your hand, master. . .your hand is
moving down to your cunt. . .your finger is pulling back the wet skin. .
.moving back and forth. . ."

"Yesss," said Andrea, who was unable to pull her hand away from herself.
"Watch it, Susan. . .watch the finger shining as it moves back and forth,
round and round. . ." She was masturbating now, flicking the wet slickness
around her clit and Susan stared at it in fascination. "Watch. . .the. .
.fingerrrr" "Yes, Andrea," she replied. "I'm watching it. . .watching it
rubbing. . .stroking. . .so. . .fascinating. . ." Andrea felt herself falling
into the rhythm she had used ever since she was a little girl, moving her
index finger up and down, across and back, making wet smacking sounds as it
went around and around. Susan was staring at her in total fascination,
hypnotically fixated on the mesmerizing motion of her hand on her pussy.
Andrea reached up with her other hand for her left nipple, which was so erect
it almost hurt, and she knew that this would send her over the edge and give
her the release her body was trembling for. But she had to fulfill one more
fantasy: "Susan. . .you have to leaaan forward. . .closer and closer now. .
.deeper into the motion. . .deeper and deeper. . ." Susan obeyed, her dark
hair brushing against the inside of Andrea's thighs. "And you, you have to,
you have to reach out with your tongue now," said Andrea in an orgasmic
quaver, "You have to lick meee, lick your master's pussy!"

As Susan swayed forward to comply, Andrea abandoned herself to the sensations
that flooded her. Her right hand was busily rubbing her slick cunt as her
left hand brushed over her thick brown nipple, fingers spread wide and stiff
to fan across it, back and forth. As this started to send her over the brink,
she felt Susan's moist tongue contact her hot flesh, slipping in around her
wet finger. This was too much for her to stand, she though she would go
insane as the soft, rough tongue began to lick her. Lick her. Her slave girl
was licking her as her hand trembled over her aching pussy, and she took her
nipple between thumb and forefinger and squeezed it as she felt the first
trembling muscle spasm begin. Susan was nuzzling her face between her legs as
she began to come, electric shocks running up her legs to converge on her
suddenly contracting cunt, head thrown back, her mouth open and moving as
Susan licked and licked. It was like dying, like breaking into red-hot pieces
as she came and came, hypnotized roommate between her squeezing legs.

There would be so many nights like this, she thought, as the ecstasy echoed
out through her limbs. So many things to try. . .

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 42: it-happened-one-summer 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 7 Oct 2003 15:58:59 -0700 (PDT)
From: Donnie Barrera <donboy26@yahoo.com>
Subject: "It happened One Summer" Pt. 1, Lesbian

	It was another hot and humid summer day, just like the other
hundred or so days that had pass before.  As for me, a little black girl of
10 years old, you can say I was a tomboy.  I even look like a boy with my
almost shaved head, my boyish looking clothes I wear, and the love of most
things that any boy would like; playing sports, arcade games, wrestling
with friends, and killing insects.  My friends describe me as a firecracker
with a mouth of a sailor and as wild as that crazy, one-eyed pooch down the
street. I was going to put on the usual t-shirt and jeans and rush out to
the new arcade center on Carson St. with some friends, but as always, Mom
stops me just as I put my foot out the door.

Mom with her mean voice, " Gloria Samantha Johnson, Where are you going, "

I replied, " I'm going to the new arcade with Jasmine and Patty."

" No your not, not until you clean up your room and take out the trash,"
she yelled

" Ah, Mom I'll do it when I get back", in my sweetest voice

Mom pointed to my room and said, " No, do it now" and explained, "After you
do what you have to do, put on a nice dress and go introduce yourself to
the new girl across the street, she'd just moved in here yesterday."

I replied, "Oh, please give me a break, a dress, no way. "

	I wasn't happy about cleaning my room and taking out the garbage,
but I had to do it, so I quickly threw all my stuff in the closet and under
my bed.  Vacuumed real fast and ran down the hallway to the garage and
picked up the trashcan and headed towards the front of the yard to leave
the trash.  Then I saw her, the most beautiful sight I have ever seen.  She
was unbelievable, her golden blonde hair that stopped just a few inches
below her shoulders, the bluest of blue eyes, perfectly round face like it
came out of a painting, luscious lips, smoothest of light tan skin, those
long pretty legs, and a body of an angel.  I dropped the trashcan and
rushed to her like a cheetah chasing her prey.

"Hi, I'm Gloria, how old are you," I said

"Hi, I'm Jennifer, I'm 10 years old," she replied.

"Wow, we are the same age, my mom told me to come over and meet you, since
you just moved in", I said.

"Yea, that's nice of you, we just moved here from California, my father got
a new job here, so..." Jennifer explained.

"California, wow it must have sucked when you left and come this shitty ass
town", I said.

She laughed and said, "yea, right" and her mom called for her to come in
the house and finish unpacking, "Coming, mom", she yelled back.

I said, "well nice meeting you, bye".

"OK, bye, nice to meet you to", Jen said.  As I left I 'd asked her, "would
you like to come over to my house, tomorrow?"

She smiled and replied, " Sure, that will be great, thanks."

	That night, it was the longest night I have ever witness because
all I could think about was Jennifer.  Her hair, that smiles, those lips,
her body, that cute yellow dress she was wearing.  I felt something in my
body that I have never felt before.  I didn't know what it was or what to
do, but I knew it felt great.  As the night went on I would dream about the
two of us doing whatever we wanted to do, dancing, walking together,
swimming, laughing, and playing in the park on the swings.  I would push
her on the swings then she would push me and back and forth.  Next we would
go on the slide, I went first down the slide then she came down I watched
her come down, as she came down her dress flew up and she wasn't wearing
any panties.  There in front of me was her smooth and delicious pussy.  I
woke up and my pussy was all hot and wet, I came for the very first time.

	Next morning, I didn't tell anybody about last night.  I put on my
t-shirt and jeans, as usual and ran to the kitchen asked mom if Jennifer
could come over and I heard the best thing to come out of my mom's mouth,
"Yes she can".  I went to my room and waited for Jen to come over, still
smiling from last night.  Every minute and every second that passed by I
grew more and more excited as her arrival drew near.

	It was 1:00 and I heard the greatest sound I have ever heard, the
doorbell.  My mom answered the door, "Hi, Jennifer I'm Gloria's mom, please
won't come in".

I stormed out of my room and their standing wearing a blue sleeveless dress
with white flowers that zipped up from the back and some white sandals, was
Jennifer.  We both greeted each other and went straight to my room, we'd
talked about everything from hobbies, to pets, to interests, and yes,
boys. Outside in the backyard we played for hours, then went back inside to
my room and watched some horror movie on television, she was lying on the
bed and I was sitting on the floor.  As we were watching the movie, I
turned to her and the position she was laying on the bed, I could see right
up her dress.  I couldn't believe what I saw, she was wearing some very
cute white satin panties, and I had to pinch myself to see if I was
dreaming.  She didn't know that I could see up her dress, so every few
minutes I would turn around and look at her panties.  Every time I turned
around my pussy got hotter and wetter.  Until I couldn't stand it anymore,
I got up and jumped on the bed next to her and told her how I felt and
about what had happened last night.  She was kind of embarrassed and
giggled, and then I leaned towards her and kissed her on the lips.
Surprised and shocked a little, but she didn't resist, I could tell she
wanted more by the look in her eyes, so I slid my hand slowly up her leg
and under her dress rubbing every inch of her smooth skin.  My hand ran all
the way up her thigh to her already hot panty covered pussy.  I began to
slowly rub her clit thru her panties, which got me excited like never
before.  Jen leaned her head back and closed her eyes as I continued to rub
her pussy.  My pussy was on fire, every second that passed I would rub
harder and faster until I felt her panties getting a little wet.  At that
time she started to moan, and from that moment, I knew she was mine for the
taking to do what ever I wanted.

	I took my hand out from under her dress and sniffed her juices from
my fingers, it smelled like heaven, I wanted to see her innocent and silky
vagina in the worst way, so I lifted her up from the bed and began to
undress her.  I reached around her to the back of her dress and grabbed the
zipper at the top of the dress and slowly pulled it down her dress.  I
pushed her back and laid her on the bed and placed both hands at the top of
her dress and quickly pulled off her dress and took off her sandals.  There
lying on my bed was Jen wearing only her white cotton undershirt and those
pretty white satin panties.  The moment had arrived and it was time for the
fun to begin.  I leaped on the bed, Jen sat up with a confused look on her
face and was about to open her mouth, and I quickly placed my hand over her
mouth and whispered, "Shhh, lay back down, sweetie."  She answered, "Why?"
so I explained to her that I was going to taste her by putting my mouth on
her pussy. She giggled and said, "Yuk, that's gross".  I told her it wasn't
and that it would feel like GOD touching you.  So I whispered in her ear,
"Lay down, close your eyes and enjoy God touching you."  She said,"OK" and
laid back down on the bed.  I lifted up her undershirt and started kissing
her belly and licking her belly button.  Kissing every inch of her stomach
and her soon to be breasts and I began to lick her nipples.  After I was
done, I turned her over and with both hands started rubbing and squeezing
her panty covered ass.  Her satin panties felt so wonderful that I brushed
the right side of my face with her satin panty covered ass.  I was about to
pull down her panties when I heard my mom yell, "Jennifer, your mom called
it is time for you to go home, dear."  Spoiled by mom again, Jennifer got
up and said, "I guess it's time for me to go."  She quickly got dressed and
we said are good byes and just like that she was gone.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 43: jennifer-and-hannah-love 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 30 Nov 2008 14:59:52 -0800 (PST)
From: Jennifer Kembles <jenny_kembles@ymail.com>
Subject: Jennifer+Hannah=Love

My name is Jennifer but every one calls me Jenny I'm 12 year old i live
in California!!! I'm have a hot little body a small round ass and size
38A bra. I have long blond hair and baby blue eyes. My best-friend Hannah
has always been around me since were two years old. My mom and her mom
are business partners. Hannah is very SEXY i have been attracted to her
ever since we were 5. Hannah has a amazing body she has a small tight ass
and size 36A bra. Her hair is sandy brown and she has the most beautiful
green eyes.

    One day we were a school and were passing a note during class. I had
told her that my mother and her mother would be out of town for the night
so I would be home alone. She asked to come over and of course i said
yes. We lived right around the corner from each other so on the bus she
just got off at my stop. We ran off the bus and ran into my house
straight to my room and locked the door. I turned on the radio but
nothing was on. So we went to the family room to watched t.v. were we
stumbled upon play boy. We watched two girls pop up on the screen they
were fingering one another. I felt a small wet spot in my panties. Hannah
began to to wiggle around.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" i asked knowing the answer to my
question
" That kind of turned my on and now there is a wet spot in my panties."
Hannah answered looking me in the eyes.
    I leaned forward, so did Hannah. We turned or heads slightly in
the oppisite direction and planted a big wet kiss on her. Hannah didn't
stop she just kissd me back. After five minutes the kiss was over we
smiled at each other and that when i knew my friend was attracted to me
too. I licked her ear and asked her if she wanted to fuck. She smiled
real wide from ear to ear and began taking off  my shirt. She was amazed
to see how big my boob were. At the time i was wearing a blue bra and
matching panties. I took off her shirt then proceed to take off yellow
her bra. " Wait don't you think we should close the curtians so other
people can't see us." " yea, your right we are in the family room." When
i came back from closing the curtians She took off my bra and just
jiggled my boobs around. When she stoped i began to lick on her small
nipple my lick became a soft suck. I pushed her on her back and continued
to suck. She moaned and wiggled then she began to shout eat my hot pussy!
So i did as I was told.

    I worked my way down to her pussy and just dug right in. Her pussy
was very sweet and hot. She was screaming and moaning and then a white
substances called cum came out all over my face. Hannah's whole body was
shivering. When she calm down I asked her to return the favor. She did
very willingly. She was happy to suck my boobies. She was sucking on my
boobies for atleast seven mins. Then she worked her way to my steaming
pussy. Her tongue felt so good on my clit. I thought i was explode. She
stuck her tongue inside my tight hole. Then i came all over her face. She
came back up to kiss me and i lick some cum off her face. We had to take
a minute to rest our body's were weak.

    I lead Hannah up to my bedroom I didn't bother to close the door
since no one was there. I took out a black dildo i took from under my
moms bed. When Hannah saw it she was nervous. "Won't that hurt?" she said
with fear in her eyes. I told her that the pain will go away. We sucked
on the dildo like a real dick to get it wet. Then i slowly slid it into
Hannah's tight hole. Then I started to push it in farther as far as it
could go. Then Hannah gripped onto the sheets because i had just popped
her cherry! Ouch! She yelled. " O baby im sorry did i hurt you?" "No,
keep going" once again I did as I was told i pushed it in and out faster
and faster blood and cum was everywhere there was so much it ran down my
arm. HAnnah was going wild bucking her hips moving all around. Then i
stopped, I licked up all her tasty juice i slurped up every drop.

    Then it ws my turn the dildo was already wet with Hannah juices. She
slid it in my pussy really quick. I pulled her hair when she popped my
cherry I also let out a small scream. Then as soon as the pain was over
the pleasure came. I was screaming fuck my pussy you little bitch fuck me
yes you lil slut fuck me. That turned her on. She took the dildo out and
stuck her tongue right in pussy. Mmmm Her tongue was so warm inside me.

        After 4 min. we stopped to rest. Then hannah said " I'm hungry
lets go to the kitchen and get some grub. I followed her to the kitchen.
When she opended the fridge she found whipcream strawberries and
chocolate syrup. I said " I thought you wanted food not sundae's" then
she smiled and began clearing everything of our bar! What the fuck was
she doing was all i could think! then she instructed me to lay down on
the bar. I agreed eager to find out what was about to happen. She sprayed
whipcream on my pussy and covered it with syrup. Then she began to slowly
lick it off. She cleaned my entire pussy. I snatched the can of whipcream
out of her hand and softly threw her on the bar. I made her a bra out of
whip cream and then i made her a camel toe. I licked everything off
started with the bra and then down to her sweet pussy. It was very hot
and tasty. then i took a strawberry licked it and shoved it in her pussy.
Cum was all around the strawberry. She loved it we kissed and fell asleep
on the floor in the kitchen.

                I wake to the feeling out warmth in my pussy Hannah was
eating me. We took ashower toghter then we fingered each other while we
ate cereal then we got dressed made out and Hannah's my came to pich her
up. When i looked under my bed for the dildo I saw a note saying I O U!!!
I laughed.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 44: jennys-new-girlfriend 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 2 Dec 1999 21:57:28 -0500
From: arthur p. mckinney <mcdvader@compuserve.com>
Subject: JENNY'S NEW GIRLFRIEND

JENNY'S NEW GIRLFRIEND
by Mcdvader

 Chapter one

	Jenny smiled as she stepped from the shower.  She was going to her
first party since she had moved to Bielerville.  "Oh my goodness," she
exclaimed when she noticed the time.  "I'm going to be late to Mandy's
party."  Quickly, she toweled herself dry and began to get dressed.  Jenny
had chosen her blue mini skirt and her pale blue sweater for the party.
Pulling, the skirt up her long slender legs, she noticed that it came just
past the tops of her thighs, barely concealing her blonde down covered
slit.  Next, she put on her sweater.  Jenny grinned when she noticed that
it would not completely cover her budding young tits.  Finally, she pulled
her pale blue bikini panties up her legs to complete her outfit.  "I hope
that Mandy likes my outfit," she thought, giggling.  The very thought of
her new friend made Jenny's pussy start to moisten.  She remembered how she
and Mandy had met that afternoon.  Jenny had been out in her backyard
working on her tan.  She was wearing her new white bikini bathing suit and
was laying on her stomach reading a novel.
	Jenny had only been out a few minutes when she heard a voice behind
her.
	"Don't you know that sunning yourself in a bathing suit gives you
'tan lines'?" the voice said to her.
	Jenny rolled over with a start.  She started to respond when she
saw a girl about her own age standing over her.  What was even more
startling was the fact that the girl above her was completely naked.  Her
eyes looked over the beautiful red-head standing above her and came to rest
on her tits before moving down to her legs.  Jenny noticed that the girl
was completely bald down there.  Without realizing what she was doing,
Jenny licked her lips.  The girl noticed and smiled.
	"Hi, I'm Mandy," the girl said.  "I was watching you from my
bedroom window," she said pointing to an upstairs window at the house next
door.  "If you don't mind my saying so, I think you are cute."
	Jenny blushed.
	"Do you mind if I join you.  We can tan together," Mandy said to
her.
	"Not at all," Jenny replied.  She noticed that Mandy was already
very tan all over.
	"Uh, what are tan lines?" she asked innocently.
	"Tan lines are caused when you wear clothes out in the sun.  The
sun tans your skin exposed but not the parts that are covered.  That part
is always lighter than the rest.  That is why I always tan in the nude so I
don't get tan lines."  Mandy got a strange look in her eyes.  "Here, let me
help you get your suit off," she said, kneeling down beside Jenny.  Jenny
sat up and allowed Mandy to untie her top.  As her pert little breasts came
into view, Jenny noticed Mandy licking her lips.  When her top was cast
aside, Mandy leaned forward and brought her mouth down to Jenny's left
breast.  She licked around the nipple and down to the valley between her
breasts.  Mandy then used her tongue to circle all around and back up to
the nipple.  Then she popped the now erect nipple in to her mouth and
sucked it.  At the same time she used her hand to cup and finger the other
tittie.  After a couple of minutes, Mandy switched and did the same thing
to her other breast.  Jenny was shocked at how good Mandy's mouth felt on
her tits.  She also noticed that her pussy was getting wet. A couple of
seconds later, she felt Mandy's tongue trail down her stomach and pause at
her navel.  Then, Jenny felt the strings of her bikini bottom being untied.
	"Oh, what a pretty pussy you have," Mandy gushed.  "I can't wait to
taste it."  With that, she began to kiss Jenny's thighs. alternating from
one to the other moving upwards as she did so.  Finally, she reached her
target--the blonde down covered pussy.
	Jenny was shocked.  She was very naive and did not know about sex
at all, much less sex between girls.
	 Gently, Mandy began licking Jenny's clit.  Jenny could not believe
the feelings that shot through her body as Mandy licked her engorged
clitoris.  After a couple of moments, she felt a tension rising deep within
her belly.  Next, Mandy licked the entire length of Jenny's now dripping
slit.  Finally, she drove her tongue into Jenny's pussy.  Each stroke
caused Jenny to float higher and higher.  After a few moments, it seemed
like Jenny was exploding as her climax raced through her body.  As her
pulsating body climbed higher, she felt a torrent of girl cum pouring from
her body and into Mandy's waiting mouth.  Eagerly, Mandy lapped up all of
Jenny's cum, even catching the stream that overflowed from her pussy and
ran down to her ass.  With a playful lick, she even drove her tongue up
into the pungent asshole.  After a while, Jenny floated back down to
consciousness.  She could not believe what had just happened to her.
	"Oh, by the way, Jenny, I'm having a party at my house tonight and
would love you to come," Mandy said to her as she rose to her feet.  "The
party starts at 7:00 p.m.," she said with a wink and then she was gone.
	Jenny caught herself rubbing her pussy as she remembered the events
of the afternoon.  Quickly she pulled her now dripping panties down and
fingerfucked herself to a quick climax.  After she finished, she pulled her
panties back up and left to go the party.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 45: jess-fucks-lucy 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 2 Apr 2004 11:06:00 -0600
From: Nic <izak@iamwasted.com>
Subject: Jess fucks Lucy

Today was going to be a fun day, thought Jess to herself. Tonight she was
going to fuck Lucy. She wanted Lucy's body so bad... to enjoy those lovely
breasts, to squeeze that nice, tight ass that she had been waiting for for
so long...

Jess was blonde, aged just 15. She had nice breasts for her age, and long
blonde hair that she held back with a scrunchie. She was a very pretty
girl, and loads of guys fancied her. Lucy was shorter, aged 14, and had
larger breasts and a nice ass. She had long, very dark brown hair with some
curls towards the front.

They both attended Hughton Secondary School in England, and wore the
typical school unform of: black skirt or trousers, black blazer, white
school shirt and red and black striped tie. Jess wore tight fitting
trousers, and Lucy wore a short skirt.

Today was going to be special, though, because Jess was going to have Lucy
over to her house which would be empty until midnight because her dad was
in hospital after donating a kidney, and her mother was visiting him. Jess
then planned to fuck her friend stupid.

Jess had been a lesbian for half a year, and masturbated over lesbo porn in
her room. She was always checking women out and nobody at school apart from
Lucy knew that she was a lesbian. Lucy and Jess were best friends, and told
each other everything.

When Jess got into school she spotted Lucy immediately and signalled to
her. Under her short skirt, Lucy was wearing black stockings, Jess
noticed. Very sexy. All day the girls went about their usual routine, Jess
all the time aching for Lucy's body, until, at the end of the day, they
walked back to Jess' house, which was only 10 minutes away from Lucy's
place.

They kicked their shoes off and chatted on the sofa. When it got to 6pm it
was beginning to get dark, and Jess sat right next to Lucy on the
sofa. Jess, after much deliberation, said to Lucy...

"I want you so much.."

"Huh?" Lucy exclaimed.

"Since I became a lesbian, I've wanted your body so much..." Jess
whispered.

Lucy was speechless. She didn't resist, though, as Jess leaned in and began
to kiss her neck passionately.

"Mmm," murmured Lucy as Jess kissed her neck and then put one hand on her
chest. Jess pulled open Lucy's shirt and Lucy unbuttoned the rest. Jess
cleverly undid the bra and let Lucy's breasts fall free.

Lucy turned her face towards Jess' and they kissed passionately. Their
tongues entwined and Jess pushed hers deep into Lucy's mouth. Lucy was
taken back by the professionalism with which Jess worked, and succumbed to
temptation as Jess bent her head to Lucy's nipple and began to suck on
it. When it was hard Jess grabbed it between her teeth then let it snap
back, making Lucy moan.

Whilst Jess sucked on the right nipple, she used her right hand to work on
Lucy's left breast, massaging it and rubbing until Lucy moaned so loud that
Jess thought the neighbours would hear!

Jess sat up and unbuttoned her own shirt, took off her bra then stood
before Lucy. She unzipped her trousers and pulled them down, standing in
just her white g-string. Lucy lay back on the sofa and unzipped her skirt,
letting Jess do the rest. Then the blonde pulled Lucy's stockings down, and
then, very slowly, Lucy's panties.

Jess got on her knees beside Lucy's waist, and began to lick her thighs,
slowly working her way towards Lucy's shaven pussy. When she reached it,
she licked around and then pushed her tongue in forcefully, making Lucy
tighten up and groan with pleasure.

Jess licked the insides of Lucy's pussy, lapping up the juices oozing from
the younger teen's fresh virgin cunt. Lucy grasped her breasts and rubbed
her nipples. Then, all at once, Jess pushed down hard and sucked hard on
Lucy's clit. This was too much for Lucy, who came hard, her juices
squirting onto Jess' breasts.

Jess leaned over Lucy and let her lick her own juices from Jess' tits. Jess
moaned as Lucy began to suck on one of her nipples, and let a hand drift
down to her wet crotch. She slipped a hand inside her g-string and pushed a
finger into her hot slit. As Lucy sucked on her nipple, Jess fingered
herself to orgasm, and then licked the juices off.

Jess ran upstairs and fetched a strap on dildo that she had found in her
older sisters room 2 years ago, before she moved out and went to
university.

It was 8 inches long, red, plastic, 1inch thick with black straps. Jess
attached it onto herself, then found some KY-jelly in her room that she
used to masturbate.

She went downstairs. Lucy was laid on the sofa with her legs open, pussy
wet. She already had two fingers in her sticky cunt, and was fucking
herself hard. When she opened her eyes she stopped and stared at the big
cock hanging from Jess' waist. Jess got on her knees on the sofa between
Lucy's open legs, and squeezed some KY-jelly onto her hands. She began to
lube up the cock, and Lucy was spreading some of the jelly onto her tits.

When the strapon was all ready to go, Jess propped herself up with her
hands either side of Lucy's tits, and slid into Lucy's virgin pussy. Lucy
moaned as she was penetrated, and Jess went in all the way. Lucy could
hardly breathe, and even more so when Jess began to pound in and out of
Lucy's wet cunt. Lucy moaned, and squuezed her breasts, rubbing her nipples
as she was fucked out of her mind.

Jess pumped harder and faster, letting out a little moan due to the
strain. After a minute more, Lucy came, and her pussy cream ran down her
thigh.

Jess pulled the strapon out and then adjusted herself so that she was
sitting on Lucy's belly. She pushed the cock between Lucy's breasts and
squeezed them together. She then slowly began to titfuck with the strapon,
her ass sliding about on both cum and the KY-jelly combined.

Lucy moaned as the big cock fucked her breasts, and reached down to her
slippery pussy and began to rub her clit frantically. She groaned and then
screamed into an orgasm as she couldn't take the pressure anymore.

Jess climbed off and then Lucy got to her knees. She began to suck on Jess'
cock and pushed so that it went right down her throat. This turned Jess on,
and her cunt was wet and juicy - she needed to cum.

She removed the strapon, then just as she was about to thrust her cunt into
Lucy's face, her mom came home.

She stopped in the doorway and closed the door, fixed on what her daughter
and her friend were doing.

"Mom, you're early!" Jess exclaimed. Lucy climbed to her feet
sheepishly. Jess' mom, Sandra, came into the living room and put everything
down on the armchair. She removed her jacket and shoes. She was wearing a
short pink skirt and a white top that showed some of her 34DD cleavage. For
a 34 year old, Jess' mom was good looking.

She stormed over to Lucy and shouted, "How could you do this to my
daughter? HOW? My beautiful daughter and you've ruined it you...you slut!
You are going to be punished for this, Lucy Hammond. Jess, put some clothes
on and sit over there," Sandra gestured to the sofa on the other side of
the room.

She turned her attentions back to Lucy. "Stand up!" She shouted. She bent
Lucy over so that her hands were rested on the arm of the sofa, slightly
bent. Sandra went into one of her bags and pulled out Jess' dad's belt. She
drew it back and brought it down hard, SLAP! on Jess' ass.

She cried out in pain. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! over and
over again, and Jess was getting turned on just watching. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Lucy was in tears, her ass bright red. She was moaning for Sandra to
stop. "No!" SLAP! "Please! Stop..." SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Then Sandra stood Lucy up she made her sit on the sofa and open her legs
wide. She raised the belt high like a whip.

Lucy looked up at it with wide eyes. "Oh god no!" She exclaimed. SLAP! The
belt was brought down hard on Lucy's wet pussy. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
SLAP! Lucy could bare the pain, it hurt so much. And so soon after cumming
aswell.

Jess, observing from just 5 metres away, pushed her hand down her thong and
began to finger herself to a quiet orgasm.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! And then Sandra asked Lucy to
stand. She went into the kitchen and found some ice. She held an ice cube
onto Lucy's pussy until she screamed from the sudden change of
temperature. Then Sandra told lucy to put on her clothes and leave. As the
door slammed and the patter of feet could be heard getting very quickly
fainter, Jess quietly came on her fingers.

Sandra, breathless, went upstairs. Jess made dinner and they ate in
silence. The next day Jess' dad came home, and the incident was never
mentioned.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 46: jill-and-mayra 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 19 Jun 2002 23:59:20 EDT
From: Rideaws5050@aol.com
Subject: Jill and Mayra

         "Wow" thought Jill, "Mayra is amazing". Jill and Mayra had been
best friends since 3rd grade, at that time both of them were quite
unattractive, but as they got older they both became very attractive. By
8th grade both of then had got beyond 2nd base, and were both bored with
boys. Jill had long had thoughts of sex with other women, but Mayra
remained straight.
	One day Jill and Mayra were in Jills pool. Both of them had been
wearing bikinis with short like bottoms, however this summer they bought
string bikinis, both of them felt very sexy while wearing them. Mayra was
5'0 with long black hair and a great ass, she sported size B breasts, and
shaved her pussy. Jill was 5'3 with long brown hair, a great ass and a
shaved pussy. Jill masturbated to Mayra every night and she felt she had
waited long enough, she planned to have actual sex with mayra today. When
they were ready to get out of the pool, Jill watched Mayra climb the ladder
out of the pool, she gently touched Mayras pussy. Mayra looked back and
giggled. As Mayra went in the bathroom to get changed, jill slipped into
her pink thong. When Mayra came upstairs she saw Jills great ass in a
thong, and felt her pussy get slightly wet. Jill walked over to Mayra nd
kissed her deeply. There tounges danced in eachothers mouths, and both
became soaking wet. Jill pushed mayra onto the bed, pulled off her high
shorts, revealing Mayras green thong with strawberries on it.  Jill rubbed
Mayras rock hard nipples while slipping off her thong. Jill saw Mayras
beautiful hairless pussy nd felt herself get dripping wet. Jill stuck her
two fingers in it and began to pull them in and out very slowly, while Jill
was doing this, Mayra was softly moaning. Jill swallowed and stuck her
tounge into Mayras slit. Jill found Mayras clit and began sucking oon it.
With every suck Mayra moaned louder. Jill began to suck faster and faster,
in a few minutes Mayras body contracted and she shot out her cum with a
loud scream of pleasure. Jill swallowed every last bit of cum. Mayra once
again kissed Jill deeply and Mayra loved the taste of her cum from Jills
mouth.  Mayra had only sucked cock once, but had a good idea of how 2 suck
Jill. Jill layed down on the bed as Mayra slipped off her thong. Mayra
wrapped her mouth around Jills pussy and began sucking it furiously Jill
moaned loudly, Mayra kept sucking Jills clit until Jill screamed with
pleasure and released her cum deep into mayras mouth.
         Both girls were very messy and had the smell of cum on them. Jill
suggested a shower. The girls climbed into the shower nd both girls began
rubbing themselves gently. "Here Mayra, let me show you something
wonderful..." Jill turned on the pulsator of her shower head and aimed it
at Mayras pussy, Mayra rubbed herself furiously while the pulsator
pleasured her immensly, then Jill turned the shower head to herself, after
an incredible orgasm from both of them, they dried off and watched ssome
tv.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 47: kaitlyn-and-brittney 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 21 Feb 2015 13:59:22 -0500
From: McKenzie Lyon <sexystories69@aol.com>
Subject: Kaitlyn and Brittney Part 1

This story is a work of fiction. Any likenesses to persons, living or dead,
or events, are completely coincidental. I hope you enjoy this story. If you
would like to contact me, this is my email specifically for this type of
stuff: SexyStories69@aol.com. I can even send out a newsletter when I
upload a new story, if you would like.

Kaitlyn and Brittney seemed like your typical 4th grade girls who were best
friends. Kaitlyn was 10 years old, about 5 feet tall, had curly brown hair,
no pubic hair, and her breasts were small, creating little bumps on her
shirt. Her pussy was small due to her age and still really tight, since she
had never put anything in it. Brittney was 11, slightly taller at 5 feet 1
inch. She also had curly brown hair, no pubic hair, and she had flat
chest. They hung out after school almost every day, doing everything from
watching TV, playing with their dolls, and swimming in the pool. School had
just gotten out, and the first thing that they did was go to Kaitlyn's
house. They got into their bikinis, and like usual they changed in
Kaitlyn's room. They were used to seeing each other naked when they
changed, but this time Kaitlyn felt something different. She shrugged it
off, and they got in the pool. When they were done in the pool, they
returned to Kaitlyn's room, stripped down, and dried off. They got into
their regular clothes and sat at the computer. They played some games, but
a porn ad came up. They clicked it, and it brought them to a lesbian porn
site. They saw the pornstars fingering each other, and a caption that said
"These girls love each other like sisters, and this is how they show it."

Kaitlyn and Brittney looked at each other, at Kaitlyn spoke up.

"We love each other like sisters. Do you want to try that?"

"Yeah, I think. I don't even know what it's called, but I think I want to
try it. I wonder why they do it." Brittney said.

Kaitlyn closed and locked her bedroom door, looked at the screen some more,
and thought she figured out what it was called. "I think it's called
fingering. I think we should make sure our parents don't find out since we
have to use our private parts for it. I wonder what our private parts are
called." She went to Google, and searched for "what is a girls private part
called." She looked at one of the results and told Brittney. "This says
that our private parts are called vaginas, or pussy for slang. And the
bumps on ours chests are called breasts, or boobs for slang."

"Okay. Do you want to try this?" Britney asked.

"I want to watch some videos on how to finger first so I know we're doing
it right." Kaitlyn said.

They watched some videos on how to finger each other. They saw that they
have to take off their clothes, rub their fingers along their slit, and
then slowly put their pointer and middle fingers in the other person's
pussy and start to pump them in and out.

"You ready to do this Kate?"

"Yeah, I think."

They took off their clothes and got on the bed next to each other like the
girls in the video. Kaitlyn took her fingers and rubbed them along
Brittley's slit and she jumped, which was followed by a gasp.

"Oh my gosh! It tickles so much and it feels good!"

"Really? Do it to me too!" Kaitlyn exclaimed.

Kaitlyn stopped rubbing Brittney's slit, and moved herself so that Brittney
could get easier access to her pussy. Brittney started to rub Kaitlyn's
slit, and she jumped and gasped.

"Oh my gosh! It does tickle a lot, but it feels good! Are you ready to do
it for real?"

"No. The video said that we should warm each other up or something before
we start to finger eacher other." Brittney replied.

"Okay." With that, they laid on their backs, their shoulders touching, and
they crossed their arms over to the other girl's pussy and they started to
rub their slits. after a few minutes, they stopped and looked at their
fingers.

"Why are our fingers wet?" Kaitlyn said and then she licked her finger. "It
tastes good too! Try it Britt!" Brittney licked her finger. "Oh my gosh it
is good! I think we should find out why it came out of our pussies though."
With that, Kaitlyn went to the computer and Googled it. "It says that it's
what happens when we get aroused, which is okay.

And they got back on the bed like before and resumed rubbing each other's
slits. In a few more minutes, there were small pools of their juices
building up by their pussies.

"I think we should start fingering each other now." Kaitlyn said.

They started to finger each other, and started to shiver from the intense
pleasure. Their fingers got covered in the other girl's juices. They
stopped for a minute and licked their fingers. They resumed fingering each
other, and after 20 minutes, they started to get muscle convulsions, and
began to thrust their hips a little. Their pussies started to tense up and
pulse, and a feeling of intense pleasure shot through their bodies. A
little bit more of their juices came flowing out of their pussies. They
licked their fingers off and Kaitlyn had an idea.

"Hey, I wonder what it's like to lick and suck each other's pussy! We
already know the stuff that comes out of them tastes good. I bet it feels
good too."

"Okay. I'll do it to yours first." Brittney said.

She rolled over on her stomach and Kaitlyn turned. Brittney began to lick
and suck Kaitlyn's pussy, and when her tongue touched her pussy, Kaitlyn
shuddered and gasped, since her young pussy was still very sensitive.

"Oh my gosh that was awesome Britt!! Let me do it to you now."

They moved around and Kaitlyn began licking and sucking Brittney's pussy
clean. Brittney shuddered and gasped as well.

"Wow that was great! I wonder what it's called. By the way, your pussy
tastes really good!" Brittney said.

"Yours too!" Kaitlyn said as she walked up to the computer and looked at
what it was called. "Apparently licking each other's pussy is just called
licking each other's pussy or eating her out. And that feeling that we had
when our pussies started to pulse and stuff is called an orgasm. And when
they started to leak out more of that liquid is called squirting. And slang
for that liquid is just juices."

"Okay. We probably shouldn't tell anyone about this." Brittney said.

"Yeah. Let's dry our pussies off and get dressed again." Kaitlyn said.

"Yeah. By the way, I think I like you."

"What do you mean you think you like me? Like as a friend, or like like?"
Kaitlyn wondered.

"Like like. Like a girlfriend. I love you, Kaitlyn."

"I love you too. Earlier today, when we were getting changed and I saw you
naked, I felt something, but I wasn't sure what that feeling was. But I
think I know now." Kaitlyn said.

They grabbed thier clothes, and got dressed after they examined each
other's bodies for a while. They sat on Kaitlyn's bed and held hands as
they watched TV. After a while, they tried something else they saw in the
video. Brittney laid on the bed and Kaitlyn hovered over her and started to
kiss her. She did this for a few minutes, and they went back to watching
TV, their pussies slightly moist. When Brittney's mom arrived to take her
home, they kissed goodbye and said "I love you." That night, they thought
about each other in bed before they went to sleep and couldn't wait for the
next time they could do this.

STAY TUNED FOR PART 2!

Want an email when I upload a new story? Subscribe here!
http://bit.ly/1CjoM1u

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 48: kathline-and-carnia 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 17 Mar 2024 13:15:55 -0700
From: Jan none <janmay6969@gmail.com>
Subject: Kathline and Carnia (Lesbian / Young Friends, oral, anal, f/fffF)

Young Friends, oral, anal, f/fffF

This story is a work of fiction and contains
descriptions of explicit sexual acts between girls
and a woman.  If this type of content offends you
or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to
Nifty Archive Alliance to help keep the site
running and stories available.

Copyright 2024 Jan, all rights reserved.

You may contact me at janmay6969@gmail.com if you
like.  All flames will be ignored.

              Kathline and Carnia
                      By
                     Jan

	When I was about to enter junior high school,
my parents chose to upgrade to a bigger home in a
better neighborhood where I would be attending a
better school.  My seventh grade was spent getting
acquainted with my new school, classmates, and
teachers.  By the time I entered my eighth-grade
year I had become familiar with the new system.
Instead of one room class all day, actually-going
to different classrooms during the day.  I was
also popular because of my looks.

	My father was ten-years older than my mother
and he married a trophy wife to benefit his
professional career.  I inherited Mother's Irish
good looks, and they named me Kathline.  Everyone
complimented my wavy bright-red hair, green eyes,
and creamy skin.  It was obvious that I was
growing up to look just like Mother.  Even though
I had no interest in boys they were always trying
to impress me.  I only had a few close
girlfriends.

	My closest friend was another attractive girl
the same age as me.  Her name was Carina.  She had
lushes' black hair and grey-blue eyes and a figure
far to mature for a thirteen-year-old.  We met in
second period English class and recognized a
kindred spirit.  We started Hanging out together
and found that we had a lot in common with each
other.

	I learned that Carina came from a family very
much like mine, and that she had an older sister
that was in college upstate.  We began to hang out
with each other and even have sleepovers at each
other's home.  I noticed that when Carina touched
me it lingered a little too long and it made me
feel uncomfortable.  I couldn't put my finger on
it but I got an uncomfortable feeling when she
touched me.  It was just the way she hugged and
kissed me when we met or departed that disturbed
me.

	After we had been seeing each other for a
month or so I was spending a lot of time at her
home.  I learned that her father was a successful
business man and was a good-looking Black-
Irishman.  Meaning that he had Spanish ancestors
dating back to the Spanish invasion fleet bound
for England and the dome of the ships crashed on
Irish shores.  That was why he had black curly
hair with fair skin and blue eyes.  Carina took
after him, and her sister had brown hair and took
after their mother.  Her older sister was away at
college.  Her parents accepted me like I was
another daughter.

	Carina and I were beginning to have sleepovers
at each other's homes.  One night at her house and
we were getting ready for bed, things got strange.

	We had taken turns using the bathroom and put
on our nightgowns and gotten into bed together.
This time she not only kissed me on the mouth and
she placed her hand on my body and her hand
grasped my 34-B left tit.  I didn't know what to
do.  I knew I should rebuff her advance, but it
felt good and I reasoned that it was safe.  Her
hand slid down my body to pull my nightgown up
around my waist and started rubbing my crotch.  No
one other than myself had ever masturbated me.  It
took me a little while to recover from the shock,
and enjoy the feeling.

	When I recovered, I started masturbating with
her as well, and asked: "What brought this on?"

	"I have been wanting to do that to you since I
met you" Carina said.

	"Who taught you how to do that?" I asked.

	"My older sister, Hazel, taught me everything
I know about sex.  When she went away to college,
she was seduced by some of the girls in the dorm
and they introduced her professors that hosted
parties for the girls.  When she came home on
Thanksgiving holiday, she taught me everything she
had learned.

	I was intrigued by the mental images of Carina
and her older sister in bed together engaging in
all manner of sex with each other.

	After our discussion we managed to take each
other's nightgowns off and took a good-long look
at each other's naked bodies.  I was impressed
with the perfection of her breasts.  They might
have been a little bigger than mine but what made
me envious was the size of her dark mauve areolas
and nipples.  Mine are pink and not much bigger
than a male's.  Our pussies were also a contrast
as well.

	Carina and I have puffy Mons pubis and our
Labia majora hide our Labia minora like young
girls, but Kathy trims her pubic hair into a short
even length and shaves the hair into a three-inch
landing strip right above the opening of her
pussy.  In my case I was pleased when I started
growing pubic hair that was strawberry pink like
my mother's.  I was so proud of it that I only
shave off hairs that might be outside my pantie
lines.  The other thing that intrigued me was the
smells.

	We were not wearing perfumes so our bodies
smelled naturally.  What I wanted to find out was
if her pussy smelled differently than mine, and
there was a slight difference.  The evening was
full of mutual discoveries.

	I was the first redhead Carina had ever made
love to and she was the first person I had ever
had sex with.  Carina liked to talk about
everything.  She said: "I want to suck your tits,
Carina!"

	"What's holding you?"

	She Took hold of my left tit with both hands
and took my little pink areola into her mouth and
sucked on my nipple so hard that I thought she was
going to bite me or leave a hicky behind, when she
switched to the right tit, she even bit my nipple
enough to make it hurt.  I regretted complaining
when she stopped playing with my breasts to go
down on me.

	It was thrilling to be laid out on her full-
sized bed with my legs spread open and watching my
best friend with her beautiful shiny black hair
spread all over my thighs while she kissed my
pussy like a lover's mouth and used her tongue to
stimulate every inch of my vagina from my asshole.
up my perineum, to my vagina, to my clitoris, and
watched her capture it and suck on it like a
little penis.  I actually-cried when my orgasm
swept over me.  She lay there with her chin
resting on my hairy vulva looking up at my face
with a satisfied grin on her face.  When I
recovered, I stroked her hair and told her: "I
have never felt anything so thrilling before, and
I feel so relaxed that my arms and legs feel like
they are made of heavy metal.

	Carina crawled up my body, licking my flesh
all the way.  She kissed my mouth with tongue and
I could smell and taste my own pussy on her tongue
and face.  When she rolled off me to rest her head
on the pillow next to me, I wondered if I could
eat her pussy the same way she had done to me.

	Any doubts were dispelled when I rolled over
on top of her and sucked on her tits the same way
she had done to me.  I licked down the middle of
her body.  I put my legs between her and spread my
legs open.  That in turn spread her legs wide
open, making room for me to move my body down
between her legs.

	I was looking up at her blue-gray eyes with my
chin resting on that little landing strip of black
hair before I slipped my hands under her butt and
lifted her up off the mattress so that I could get
my head down between her legs to smell her asshole
before I licked it and probe the puckered hole
with my tongue.  I did like her and licked her
perineum before licking her vagina and tongue
fucking her cunt until she was about to cum before
I captured her clitoris and sucking on it until
she cried out that she was cumming.  While she
recovered, I lay on top of her with my chin
resting between her tits.

	We talked about how much we loved each other.
and Carina promised to introduce me to her sister
when she came home on Spring break.  We had a
great time exploring each other's bodies until her
sister came home.

	As soon as Hazel came home Carmia called me:
"Kathy, Hazel's home and she wants to meet you!
She wants to introduce you to her high school
swimming coach.  We will come by and pick you up
in say twenty minutes.

	I let my parents know that Carina and her
older sister Hazel were coming by to meet a friend
of her sister's.

	I chose to put on nylons and wear three-inch
black pumps.  When I heard their car pull into the
driveway I ran out of the house and piled into the
back seat of the late model blue BMW coupe.  It
was a quick drive to the home of Hazel's coach.

	The coach was an impressive woman named Carol.
She was almost six-foot tall, slender with about a
36-C sized breasts and she was wearing canvas
tennis shoes, white tight fitting gym shorts and a
loose-fitting T-shirt over a sports bra.  Her hair
was naturally brunette and she wore it in a long
ponytail after all the years competing as a
swimmer throughout college.  She greeted the three
of us with hugs and kisses before Mazel introduced
her sister and I to her.

	Hazel told her coach that she wanted her to
meet us because she wanted us to become as much in
love with her as she was.

	When she showed us around her house, she gave
us glasses and carried a bottle of wine with her,
and was particularly proud of the Olympic length
lap pool in her backyard.  Her home was located on
top of a hill and her two neighbors' property were
lower than hers, so even without the security
block wall around the back yard she had almost
complete privacy, except from the air.  She filled
our glasses and invited us to join her swimming in
her pool.

	She proceeded to kick off her shoes and pulled
off all her clothes.  Carina and I were impressed
with her adult body.  She had a trimmed triangle
of dark pubic hair on her vulva.  She also added a
tattoo of the Disney' Little Mermaid named Ariel
on the right side of her pubic area.  She dove
into the pool while we removed our clothes to join
her.

	She was standing waist deep in the water
watching us get undressed.  I noticed that she
used her right hand on her crotch when she saw our
naked bodies.  Hazel had brown hair, Carina had
shiny blah hair and I was standing there in all my
redheaded glory.

	We jumped into the pool and gathered around
Carol.  We were kissing each other and feeling
each other's bodies.  We interrupted the action to
demonstrate for Carol our ability to swim.  Hazel
still had a swimmer's stroke.  Carina and I looked
like non-swimmers.  Carol promised that she would
turn us into competitive swimmers when we got to
high school.

She had the three of us sit on the edge of the
pool with our feet in the water and went from one
to another liking our pussies until we came.  When
we went home Hazel promised that when she finished
the semester we could come up to the campus and
she would introduce us to her classmates and her
special professors.


If you enjoyed the story and have a story you want
me to write about your introduction to the world
of female sexuality, please send your outline to
janmay6969@gmail.com

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to
Nifty Archive Alliance to help keep the site
running and stories available.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 49: kayla-and-sandy 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 24 Dec 1999 14:26:22 EST
From: SteBub4761@aol.com
Subject: Kayla and Sandy Discover the Pleasures of Sex

Kayla and Sandy Discover the Pleasures of Sex
by $teve Da Pimp

(Lesbian sex, Female masturbation, WS, Pedo)

"Don't stay up too late, okay girls?"

"We won't!" they chorused in reply to Kayla's mom.  With that they were
alone.

"This is SO cool!  My mom FINALLY let you stay over!  This is going to be
so much fun!"  Kayla could hardly contain herself.  The ten-year-old had
begged her mom for months to let her have a sleepover, and finally her mom
relented.  She said that she could have only one friend the first time,
though, but that was fine.  Of course she picked Sandy.

Sandy was also ten, although she looked completely different from Kayla.
While Kayla was maybe four and a half feet tall, slender, brown hair and a
deep tan, Sandy was maybe three inches taller, a little chubby, with blonde
hair and pale skin.  Nevertheless, they were both extremely beautiful girls
on the edge of puberty.

"Well, let's get changed into our nightgowns," Sandy replied, eager to
continue watching "Titanic" as they sat on the couch in Kayla's living
room.  God, Leonardo DiCaprio was cute!

"No." Kayla replied.

"Well, what else would we sleep in?" Sandy asked.

"Let's just sleep naked," Kayla replied.  "It's so hot, and my mom won't
let us put on the air conditioning, so we'll be more comfortable like
that."

"But what if your dad comes downstairs during the night and sees us?" Sandy
asked.

"He won't come down.  I already told him not to.  And neither will Andrew."

"Well, I guess we could.  I mean, it's not like we've never seen each other
naked before."  Of course, the last time they had was over three months
ago, at the swimming pool when they changed in the locker room. Still, they
were close friends and it didn't really matter to them.

Kayla quickly slipped out of her shorts and tank top, wearing only a pair
of blue panties - she didn't require a bra yet.  She slipped off the
panties too, revealing a firm, tight butt that was just as tan as the rest
of her body.  Sandy noticed that too.

"How did you get an all-over tan like that?"  she asked, before realizing
she knew the answer.

"I told you, it's that nudist place my family went to over the summer."

"Oh yeah.  It must be awesome to see all those naked boys."

Kayla kind of shrugged.  "Yeah, it was nice, but I didn't really like any
of them."  The subject was dropped.

Sandy took off her T-shirt and bra, revealing puffy nickel-sized nipples on
top of barely-begun titties.  Partly because she was a little chubby, she
had already begun developing much more than Kayla.  She slipped off her
panties, and Kayla noticed a downy brown patch on her virginal slit.

"Hey!  You didn't tell me you got pussy hair!"  Kayla exclaimed as she
rushed over to Sandy and examined her pussy.  The patch was maybe an inch
in the diameter, and still barely noticeable, but nevertheless a major rite
of passage.

Sandy looked a little embarrassed as she stood there, the flab on her tummy
ever so slightly hanging over her pubic mound.  "It's no big deal.  I mean,
I still haven't gotten a period yet."

"I know, but still...you're further along than I am.  My pussy's still
bald!" Kayla giggled, showing it off.

"Well, come on, let's go get the Coke and popcorn and finish this movie.  I
LOVE Leonardo!"  Sandy exclaimed inpatiently, and the girls went out to the
kitchen in their nude glory.  They grabbed the food and lay down together
on the sofa bed.  There was no need for any type of covering; it was the
middle of summer.

They watched the second half of Titanic raptly, and when it was done, Sandy
commented, "Whenever I see Leonardo DiCaprio I get this weird feeling in my
privates, like I have to go pee."

"Funny you should say that, I have to take a major pee myself!"  Kayla
replied.  "Dare me to pee in the popcorn bowl?"

"That's nasty!" exclaimed Sandy.  "Are you serious?"

"Sure, why not?" Kayla said casually.  "I'll just rinse the pee down the
drain when I'm done.  Come on, the bowl's empty anyway."

"Well, go ahead if you want to," replied Sandy, not fully believing that
Kayla would do it.  She walked over to the light switch and flicked it on
as Kayla set the clear glass bowl on the floor and squatted down over it.
"Ready?" she asked.  Sandy nodded.

Kayla relaxed and her pee gushed into the bowl, sounding like a torrent of
flood waters crashing against a brick wall.  It splashed up and tickled her
pussy and butthole, and she giggled a little.  The almost clear liquid
filled the bowl almost half-full quickly, before her urine stream trickled
to a halt.

"That is so gross," Sandy said, without too much emotion.  Clearly she was
intrigued.

"Come on, you pee too.  You already said that Leo makes you feel like
peeing, so why don't you do it?"  Kayla replied.  It didn't take much
pushing to get Sandy to agree.

"Watch this," Sandy directed, and she peed without even squatting down. The
stream splashed into the half-filled bowl and droplets flew everywhere as
Sandy relieved herself.  Kayla giggled as she watched intently.  Just as
the girls' pee almost overflowed the bowl, Sandy finished and sat back
down.

"That was cool!"  Kayla exclaimed.  "Now watch this."  She reached into the
bowl full of fresh hot pee and rubbed her wet fingers down her stomach and
her pussy crack, leaving a trail of dampness on her skin.  She giggled as
Sandy made a face.  Then she put her fingers in the bowl again, but this
time, she rubbed them on Sandy's plump little stomach.

"Eeew, that's nasty!"  Sandy squealed, rubbing it off with her hands.

"No it's not.  It's just pee, it's not going to hurt you," Kayla replied.

"I know, but I still think it's nasty.  It smells bad too."

Changing the subject, Kayla asked her friend, "Do you ever touch your
pussy?"

"Well, yeah, when I take a bath I wash it," Sandy replied, blushing a
little.

"Duh!"  Kayla replied, giggling again.  "I meant do you ever play with
yourself?  You know, while you're thinking about boys..."

"No," Sandy answered.  "Do you?"

"Of course!"  Kayla exclaimed.  "I do it all the time.  It makes me feel
really good."

"How do you do it?" Sandy asked curiously.  Often she felt an itch in her
pussy and she ached for release, but she had no clue how to go about
getting it.

"Here, I'll show you," Kayla said.  The girls sat on the sofa bed across
from each other, and Kayla spread her legs, showing her friend every
crevice of her hairless genitals.

"What I do is I put my finger inside of it like this, and then I use my
other fingers to rub my love button," Kayla narrated as she began
masturbating herself.

"What do you think about when you do it?"

"All kinds of nasty things.  Sometimes," she lowered her voice, "I even
think about Andrew naked."

"What does he look like?"  Sandy asked.  Her hand moved to her pussy and
she began masturbating for the first time.

"Well, he's kinda skinny, and he's got a tan just like me.  He's got a cute
butt, and his thingy is beautiful.  It's real small most of the time, but
when he gets a boner it's about three inches."

That did it for Sandy.  She closed her eyes and fingered her pussy faster
and faster as her very first orgasm came over her.  "Oh, Andrew," she
moaned softly as she climaxed.  Finally it was over, and she panted softly
and lay down.  Little beads of sweat were breaking out on her body.  Kayla
giggled softly at the sight of her friend overcome by the orgasm.

"Doesn't that feel great?"  Kayla asked.  Sandy could only nod in response.

They sat there in silence as Sandy recovered, and then she broke the quiet.
"Kayla, do you want to play Truth or Dare?"

"Sure!"  she replied.  "I was going to ask you but I thought you'd say no."

"Well let's go.  Truth or Dare?"  Sandy asked her best friend.

"Truth."

"Have you ever kissed a boy?"

"Yeah, of course I have."

"Who?"

"Uh-uh, you already had your question," Kayla reminded her.  "Now it's my
turn.  Truth or Dare?"

"Um, Dare."

"I dare you to..." Kayla paused to think.  Then she burst out, "to kiss my
butt!"

"That's nasty!"  Sandy squealed.  "I'm not going to kiss your dirty butt!"

"Not the crack, just the cheeks!"  Kayla replied.  "Come on, I just took a
bath a couple hours ago.  It's real clean!"  She got a more serious
expression on her face.  "Remember, YOU said you wanted a Dare.  Well now
you have to do it."

"Okayyyyyyyyyyyyyy," she said, dragging the word out.  "How long do I have
to kiss it for?"

"Just a peck."

"Okay, here goes."  Kayla bent over, giving Sandy plenty of naked ass to
choose from.  Sandy zeroed in on the edge of her friend's left buttcheek.
Her lips darted out and made contact with the smooth skin, and she pulled
her head back after it had been made.

"See it wasn't that bad!"  Kayla told her.  Sandy shook her head.

"I still think it's gross."

"Well, it's over now so don't worry about it.  Now it's your turn to ask me
something."

"Truth or Dare?"

"Dare," the young girl responded decisively.  Sandy bit her lip, thinking
of what she could possibly come up with to punish Kayla for making her kiss
her butt.  She thought of a few that she knew went way too far, until
finally she came up with the perfect one.

"I dare you," she spoke slowly, "to go outside, butt naked, and stand in
front of your house with your finger in your pussy for fifteen seconds."

Kayla shook her head.  "No way," she said.  "If somebody told my parents
I'd get in big trouble."

"Nobody'll see you.  It's almost midnight and I bet nobody will drive by.
If they do you can dive in the bushes, okay?  Remember, YOU said you wanted
a dare.  Now you have to-"

"Yeah, yeah, I know, now I have to do it.  I will, but you have to come out
there with me.  And if I even THINK I see or hear a car, I'm going in the
bushes and the dare's over."  Sandy nodded and the girls crept through the
dining room to the front door.  Carefully opening it and closing it over
almost all the way, Kayla tiptoed out to the middle of the front lawn.  She
looked down the long hill that crested in front of her house.  No cars.
She looked to her right where the road curved sharply.  No cars, at least
none that she could see.  She stuck her finger in her pussy and stood
there.

Sandy, from her position crouched in the bushes, counted in a whisper.
"One.  Two.  Three.  Four."  Her finger darted inside the folds of her own
pussy, and she rubbed herself quietly.  She still tingled inside from her
first orgasm just a few minutes earlier, but she was already horny for
more.

"Oh my God!"  Kayla screeched as softly as possible as she darted behind
the bushes, dropping her body on top of Sandy's.  "There's a car coming,"
she whispered, and the girls froze.  They heard the sound of an engine
coming up the hill, and they saw the car through the bushes.  They breathed
a sigh of relief when it rounded the curve and disappeared out of sight.
For a few moments the girls just lay there, secure in each other's arms,
each feeling the other's warm body against hers.  It was a pleasant
feeling.  Finally they got up and tiptoed back inside the house.

"What'll it be, Truth or Dare?"  Kayla asked Sandy.

"Actually, um, I already thought of a dare for me.  How about if I go out
back and poop in the woods?"  Sandy looked at her friend nervously.  She
had a feeling that Kayla would be a little vengeful after that last dare,
and she didn't want to be at Kayla's mercy.

Kayla shrugged.  "Yeah, I guess that's okay.  But I have to come out there
with you and make sure you really do it."  Sandy nodded and the pair
slipped out again, this time through the back door.  They walked across the
damp grass and stopped when they were maybe ten or fifteen feet into the
woods behind the yard.  "Okay, go ahead," Kayla said.

Sandy squatted down over the dirt, steadying herself with her hands.  She
farted loudly, involuntarily, and Kayla giggled.  Sandy blushed a deep
shade of crimson as her turd plopped onto the dirt.  She felt her bowels
empty and she carefully stood up again, being careful not to step in her
own feces.

"Wow, that was a pretty big one!"  Kayla said, grinning.  Sandy shrugged
and walked back inside, grateful that her turn was over.  Kayla followed
her back into the living room, and the girls sprawled on the floor again.

"Okay, your turn," Sandy told her friend.  "Truth or Dare?"

"I don't really wanna play anymore," Kayla said.  "It's getting kinda
stupid."

Sandy was a little surprised.  "Well what do you want to do?"  she asked.

"I wanna ask you something," Kayla said slowly.  The question had been
gnawing away at her all night, unknown to Sandy, and she had to ask it.
Sandy nodded and told her to go ahead.  "Have you ever kissed a girl?"
Kayla asked.

Sandy's brain flooded with thoughts.  She stammered, "Well, my mom and aunt
and stuff--"

"No, I mean, have you ever REALLY kissed a girl," Kayla clarified.  "I
mean, like somebody that you...well, that you really, really, REALLY liked.
Like you'd kiss a boy."

"Ohhhhhhhhh," Sandy said, thinking.  "Then no, I haven't."

Kayla took a deep breath.  "Do you wanna?"  she asked.  "Kiss me, I mean."

Sandy looked at her friend, trying to decide if she was serious or not.
When she was pretty sure that Kayla wasn't joking, she looked her in the
eye and said, "I'd love to."

The girls stood across from each other for maybe a minute, sizing each
other up.  "Let's get on the bed," Kayla finally suggested, and Sandy
agreed.  Kayla laid down on her back, and awkwardly Sandy got on top of
her.  The girls lay like that, with their warm, naked bodies pressed
together and their faces inches apart, until Sandy got up the nerve to say,
"Do you want to do it now?"

Kayla nodded and for once Sandy took the initiative.  She pressed her lips
against Kayla's and opened her mouth slightly.  Kayla took the hint and
opened hers, and the girls' tongues explored each other for a long time.
Finally they grew tired of this new "game" and pulled apart.

"Wow," Sandy said to her best friend in the whole world, "that was great."

"Yeah," Kayla nodded in agreement.  She grinned and giggled, "We should
have done this a long time ago."  They looked at each other again and their
lips locked for the second time.  Kayla's hands wandered and caressed
Sandy's buttcheeks, but she didn't even notice it as she was concentrating
on kissing her best friend.  Now they knew a little better what felt good,
and this time their kiss was shorter but just as passionate.  Both girls
felt a lot of passion welling up inside them, passion that was more than
just friendship.  Neither one, though, knew just what the feelings were.

They broke apart and lay there next to each other, their hips touching.
Kayla's hand went down to her pussy.  "You know, kissing you made me really
hot again," she confessed sheepishly.

"Really?"  Sandy asked.  "Me too!"  The two girls fingered themselves until
Kayla spoke up again.  She didn't know why she wanted to do this, but she
really did, and she had to ask Sandy.

"Sandy?"  she started timidly.  "Um, have you ever heard of a girl, like,
licking another girl's...pussy?"

"Yeah," Sandy replied slowly.

"Do you think that'd be cool?"

"Yeah, I guess," Sandy told her.  "Why, do you wanna try it?"

"Yeah," Kayla admitted, blushing.  "Let me try on you first and then you
can try it on me, okay?"  Sandy nodded and spread her legs wide to allow
Kayla to get to her cunt.  She felt so naked and exposed, but yet she felt
comfortable around Kayla.

Kayla looked at Sandy's pussy slit, sitting open slightly in front of her.
She could smell its faint aroma, and it seemed like a pleasant smell.
Gingerly she closed her eyes and let her tongue touch Sandy's lips.  Sandy
squealed softly at the sensation of another girl's tongue on her pussy for
the first time.

Kayla decided that she liked the taste and dove right back in.  This time
she licked up and down Sandy's sensitive slit, pausing at her clitoris.
Sandy felt herself getting wetter and wetter down there, and Kayla lapped
up all of the moisture.  Now she was addicted to the tangy sweetness of
Sandy's cunt, and she felt more and more uninhibited.  She slurped up and
down Sandy's crack, and her efforts weren't wasted.  Sandy felt herself
getting all tingly again, and she moaned, "Oh, Kayla, I'm coming again," as
another orgasm washed over her.  Kayla kept licking until Sandy was done,
and then she crawled up to Sandy's face and planted a kiss right on her
lips.

At first Sandy was grossed out by the thought of tasting her own juices,
but she realized that it wasn't an unpleasant taste.  "Wow, I taste pretty
good," she blurted, and both girls giggled.  Kayla kissed her friend again.

"Do you wanna try it on me now?" she whispered.

"Yeah, I guess," Sandy replied, a little squeamish but at the same time
really turned on.  She scooted down to the foot of the bed as Kayla opened
her legs.  Sandy looked at her best friend's treasures spread out in front
of her, and she closed her eyes and licked at Kayla's clitty.  She moaned
in pleasure and Sandy realized how good pussy tasted.  She continued giving
Kayla oral sex, and Kayla played with her nipples as she relished Sandy's
tongue on her pussy.

Kayla came quickly, and with her orgasm a little pee shot out.  Sandy drank
it down before realizing what it was, but she didn't say anything, not
wanted to embarrass her friend.  She crawled up next to Kayla and the girls
shared another passionate kiss.  They fell asleep in each other's arms
after discovered just how deep their friendship was.


Tell me what you think.  Should I continue the story?  E-mail me at
SteBub4761@aol.com with your comments, good or bad.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 50: kira 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 2006 12:20:28 -0700 (PDT)
From: Scott Winslow <scott_winslow2135@yahoo.com>
Subject: Kira

This is a work of fiction.  It involves sexual acts between underage
persons.  If this offends you, leave now.  If you are still here, enjoy.
This is the first story I have written.  It is the first part of a larger
story I have been formulating for a while now.  I would greatly appreciate
any and all comments about the story, love it or hate it.  I will only get
better through the help of others.

KIRA (ff, 1st, )

By: Scott Winslow ( scott_winslow2135@yahoo.com )


My life has changed A LOT in the last 2 years.  My life used to be good,
but now it's like a dream cum true.  My name is Kira, and I'm 17 years old,
I currently live in Canada with my "family", but before I tell you about my
great life, I should tell you how I got to where I am today.

I was born and raised in a small town in northern West Virginia. I
discovered sex rather early in life.  I was 13 when I lost my virginity.
It seemed like everyone in school was doing it, so I decided to give it a
try.  My first time left a lot to be desired however.  But it was fun so I
kept at it, and by the time I was 14 I was addicted to sex.  I loved the
feeling of a cock sliding into me, or being eaten out, or anything sexual,
I didn't really care what. I was constantly horny, I would have sex as much
and as often as I could.  And this didn't mean just with boys.  To me, sex
was sex, no matter who I got it from.  The first time I had sex with a girl
was when I was 14.  It was summer time, and VERY hot outside. So my friend
and I decided to go to the local pool.  She was a year younger than me, and
a lot less developed.  Where I was a little over 5 foot and was already
wearing a C cup bra, Megan was only about 4"9' and flat chest.  I loved
going to the pool for one reason, Jerry, the life guard.  He was 20, and
the cutest boy in the world.  I would have given anything to get into his
shorts.  I was very horny on this particular day, and teased Jerry like
crazy.  This dumb kid never seemed to notice me.  Megan sure did though.

"Where are you going now?" Megan asked as I stood up off the towel I was
using to sunbath.

"I've got to pee." I quickly responded.

"AGAIN? You just went 10 minutes ago."

"Yeah, I know" I said, "I must have drunk a lot of water in the pool."

"Yeah, suuurrrrreeeeee you did, you just want to show off that hot body of
yours to Jerry again."

My jaw dropped.  I had never heard Megan talk like this before.  I was
shocked because she had caught me, and slightly turned on.  Did she just
say I had a hot body?

"What did you say?" I asked looking around to make sure no one was
listening, and sitting back down.

"Oh, was I not supposed to notice the way you look at that guy, and how you
walk by him 100 times when we come down here?"

"No, not that" I said "the other thing."

"What?" she responded sitting up onto her elbows and looking at me
confused.

"About my body," I whispered.  I was beginning to look at my friend in a
whole new way.

Obviously noticing the surprise in my voice, Megan played it cool. "Oh
nothing, just that your better looking then me." She responded.

She might not have meant anything by it, or maybe she did, I didn't really
care.  I was horny, but didn't want Jerry anymore.  I made it my mission to
make love to her.  We stayed at the pool for about another hour.  The whole
time I took every chance I got to sneak glances of Megan's body, and every
time I did I got more and more turned on by her.  I was rather shocked by
this, I was usually turned on by guys, and though I had been turned on by
girls before they were always tall, beautiful, and had big tits.  But
something about my under developed friend made me soaking wet. When it was
time to go, we got up and put our things together and walked out of the
pool.  On the way out, we walked right by Jerry, and I was too busy looking
at Megan to notice.  But once again, she noticed.

"Oh now your not even gonna look at him cause I said something?" she said
after we left the pool and started walking toward my house.  Startled, and
not really knowing what she was talking about, I could only respond with

"Huh?" as I tried to quickly look away from her bikini covered butt without
her catching me looking.

"What are you looking at?" she asked

"Girl, you don't miss a thing do you?"

"What are you talking about?" She asked, puzzled.

By now we had arrived at my house.  The sun had started to go down, and it
was getting a little chilly outside, it was time to put my plan into
action.

"You wanna come in and change its getting cold out." I asked her.

"Why won't you answer my question?" she asked.

I grabbed her hand, and ran into my house, "Come on" I said.  Before she
knew what was going on, we were standing in my bed room.

"Why were you staring at my ass, did I sit in something?" she asked trying
to turn and check.

"Umm, yeah I think you did," I said. "You should probably change out of
your bikini."

"Ok," Megan said, turning back toward me, looking confused. "You've been
acting weird ever since I said something about you liking Jerry.  Why do
you care? It's not like he's the first guy you've liked or something, you
have a new crush every week.  And now all you can seem to think about is me
taking my clothes off. What's gotten into you?" She sat on my bed. I sat in
front of her.

"It wasn't what you said about Jerry," I told her. "It was what you said
about me." I looked down, not able to keep eye contact with her.  I had
never felt this way before; I had never been shy around someone in my life.

"What did I even say?" She asked.

I told myself to just be myself, I had always grabbed life by the horns,
and took chances, and that's what I decided to do now. I looked up, took
Megan's hands in mine, and leaned in toward her.  "When you called me hot,
something happened inside me, I want you Megan, I want to make love to
you." I then kissed her. She didn't stop me, she opened her mouth, and our
tongues touched. I felt a spark I hadn't felt in a long time when our
tongues twirled around in each others mouths.  We made out for a few
seconds.  When we broke our kiss I let out a moan from the way she made me
feel.  She jumped up and walked across the room back and forth.  "Oh God."
She said, "Oh my God."

"What's wrong Meg?" I asked, getting up and walking over to her. I put my
hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. "What's wrong?"

"I...we....we can't do this." she stammered.

"Why not?" I asked.

She looked like she was about to cry. "It's wrong. We're both girls, we
can't do that"

"Do you want to?" I asked.

"We can't" She repeated.

"But do you WANT to?" I asked again.

"N.. Wel... Kinda." Was the answer that came from those beautiful little
lips. I once again leaned in and kissed her, this time our kiss lasted
longer.  When it was over i held her close to me, feeling the heat coming
from her body, I know she felt the heat from mine.  My pussy was dripping
wet.

"Look baby," I told her. "I want this, you want this, why can't we?"

"Because it's wrong." Was all she said.

"No Megan, its right, nothing that feels this good... "And I kissed her
again, "can possibly be wrong, can it?"

She shook her head no. I said, "Ok then" and took her hand, both hers and
mine were shaking, and lead her to my bed.  I helped her lie down on her
back, and lied next to her.  I was lying on my side next to her.  I lied my
hand on her bare stomach, and began running my finger tips over her soft
white skin.  I was staring into her eyes, she was staring at the ceiling.
When she finally turned her head to look at me, our eyes meet, I leaned in
and had the most passionate kiss I have ever had.  I ran my hand farther up
until I brushed the bottom of her bikini top.  She the cutest little buds
of tits.  I gave it a little squeeze; she broke our kiss, and moaned
loudly.

"Do you like that?" I asked her.

"Yeah," was her response.

 I had her lean up slightly so I was able to slip her top off.  I began
touching her tit again.  I squeezed it again, then flicked her little
nipple, and pinched it.  She lied back down and I straddled her, using both
of my hands to play with her little buds.  I leaned down and licked her
left nipple while I was squeezing her right bud.  She was moaning very loud
now. I sucked her tit into my mouth, and nibbled on it a little.  I think
she liked it because as I was sucking, her hands grabbed the back of my
head, and pulled it closer to her body.  I switched and sucked her other
bud for a few seconds then leaned up and looked into her eyes.  She had a
look of pure ecstasy on her face.  Her hands were on my waist and started
to go up my body.  My heart was racing as they passed my bellybutton and
toward my tits.  My own hands went back to her little buds.  This must have
given her a burst of either pleasure or courage, because as soon my hands
touched her tits, hers jumped from my stomach to my tits.  Mine were quite
a bit larger then hers, and she squeezed them very softly.  I stopped what
I was doing and removed my top.  She stared for a few seconds as she got to
the first look at my tits.  Her hands went back to my tits and again she
rubbed and squeezed gently.  My hands covered hers, and I leaned down to
whisper in her ear.

"Harder baby." I said, and squeezed her hands on my tits.  She got the idea
and took the lead squeezing my tits harder. I moaned in her ear, then
started kissing and sucking on her bare neck.  I continued moving farther
down, passing by her little buds, but not with out stopping for another
little lick.  Then father down, I licked her bellybutton, then farther till
my tongue met the material of her bikini bottoms. I looked up at her and
she instinctively spread her legs.  I looked into her eyes as I put my
fingers under the waist of her bottoms and started to pull them down.  My
heart was racing and my pussy was soaked.  I pulled them down to her knees
before I broke the gaze from her eyes.  I looked down and saw the most
beautiful sight in the world.  Her pussy was so tiny and cute. I loved it.
She was completely bald, and the little slit that looked back at me was
begging me to lick it.  I took her bottoms the rest of the way off, and
started kissing her thighs.  Being this close I could smell her sweet sent,
she was obviously just as wet as I was.  I went higher and licked her slit.
She moaned in pleasure as my tongue touched her most private area, a place
(I found out later) no one, besides her, had ever touched before.  I
continued to lick her, and then used my fingers to gently spread her lips
apart.  I licked the inside of her virginal little pussy.  I tasted a girl
for the first time.  It was like heaven.  I know from that moment that I
was addicted to it.  I continued licking. I stuck my tongues deep inside
her.  She started squirming around, pulling at the covers.  I couldn't
believe I was eating my first pussy, but more so, I couldn't believe I was
enjoying it so much!  She started moaning very loudly, almost screaming, I
could tell she was close.  I slid my finger inside her as I licked her
clit.  I felt her tight cunt lips squeeze my finger, as she came hard.

"OOOOHHHH GGOOOOODDDDDD!!!!!" she screamed as she did.  When she calmed
down a little, I stopped and looked up into her eyes.

"Did you like that baby?" I asked.

"Uh-huh," was all she could say.

I stood up and pulled down my bikini bottoms.  I lied back down on my bed,
this time on my back, and spread my legs.  I started touching my self with
one hand, and motioned for her to come to me with the other.  She instantly
jumped up and crawled up between my legs, and kissed my lips, sticking her
tongue into my mouth.  I could tell she could taste herself on my mouth by
the soft moan she made, and the way she wouldn't stop licking my mouth.  I
finally break the kiss.

"Do you like that taste?" I asked her.

"YEAH!" she replies.

"Weelllll" I say, "If you want more, you can kiss me."

She leans back in to kiss me, but I stop her.  "no no no no." I say. "Not
up here, down here." And I take her hand and put it on my cunt.  She thinks
for a moment. Then leans down and kisses my mound.  She uses her hands and
spreads it apart, licking for the juices she wants so bad.  Apparently she
liked it more then I did.  I grab the back of her head and pull her into
me.  I have never felt anything so good.  No guy I had been with ever made
me feel so good.  She made me feel so good that within minutes I came very
hard.

After I was done, we lied down in my bed and snuggled under the covers.  We
lied there and kissed and looked into each others eyes.  We stayed like
this for a long time; I'm really not sure for how long.  Time seemed to
fall away as I looked into her eyes.  All I know is that before we knew it
we heard a car pull into the driveway.  It was my mom.  We jumped up and
hurriedly put our bikinis back on.  Before she was in the house we were
down stairs, on the couch, watching music videos.  She was carrying
groceries into the house, so Megan and I jumped up to go help her.

"Did you two just get home? I thought the pool closed hours ago," my mom
asked, looking at us strangely.

"No, mom, we got back here a while ago," I responded, just now seeing the
clock on the wall which read 7:12.  The pool closed at 5:00.

"Then why are you two still in those bikinis? Aren't you cold with the AC
in the house?"

"Megan didn't bring a change of clothes, and none of mine will fit her." I
quickly replied, searching for an excuse.

"And we found a way to keep warm." Megan said.  I looked at her, startled
by her boldness.

"Oh you did, did you?" my mother asked, obviously awaiting an explanation.

"Yeah" I said, now noticing the TV. "We were trying to learn the moves to
these dances." And I turned up the TV.

"Uh-huh" was my mom's only response, as she walked up the steps to her
bedroom.  Megan and I plopped down on the couch, giggling.

"WOW that was close" I said.

"Yeah I know" Megan replied.

I turned toward Megan and looked into her eyes.  We kissed again and I
started to feel her up.  Suddenly the phone rang.  My mom answered, and
then yelled down the steps.

"Megan, telephone!"

She went into the kitchen, and was on the phone for a few seconds. She came
back in, looking sad.

"What's wrong, baby?" I asked, holding her hands.

"That was my mom," she began, her head down.  "I've got to go home.  She's
kinda upset because it's so late."

"Oh, ok." I said.

I walked her down the road to her house.  We stood in front of her house
for a few seconds, staring into each others eyes.  I took a quick look
around to make sure no one was looking, and gave her a quick kiss on the
lips.  We said our goodbyes, and she walked into her house.  I stood at the
end of her side walk and watched her cute tight little butt as she walked
into her house.  I walked home, remembering the things I've done with her,
and imaging what all I would do to her in the future.  That night I
masturbated twice, remembering the way her naked body looked and tasted.


I talked to my new lover again two days later.  I had devised a plan.  My
parents were going to be out of town over night.  It was their anniversary.
Usually when things like this happened, I would stay the night at my
grandmother's house.  This time, I wanted things to be different.  I asked
my mom if it would be ok for me to stay at Megan's house instead.  She said
as long as her mom was ok with it.  I ran up to my room to call Megan.  I
got very excited; I had no intention of staying at my lover's house that
night.  She answered the phone.

"Hello."

"Hey there sexy."

"KIRA!" she said, getting very excited.

"Hey baby, how's it going?"

"Good, I haven't stopped thinking about you.  What's up?"

"I know I haven't either."

I explained my plan to her and half an hour later there was a light knock
on my door.  It was my little sex goddess.

"So your parents really believe that you're staying at my house?" She asked
after we hugged and made out for a few minutes.

"Yep," I said giggling, "And your parents think my parents are gonna be
here?"

"Yeah," she replied, biting her lip in anticipation.

"So, we've got all night alone, just you", I kissed her lips lightly "and
me." I kissed her again, this time sticking my tongue into her mouth.  I
took her hand and led her up the steps and into my bedroom.  We sat on the
foot of my bed, kissing.  She broke the kiss, "I can't stop thinking about
you." She said, sounding out of breath.

"I know" I replied. "You and your body are the only things I can think
about."

We started kissing again, and lied down on my bed.  I started sucking and
licking her neck.  She started moaning and her hands found my tits. I put
my hand under her shirt and pinched her nipples.  She had taken my
suggestion and not worn any underwear.  I took off her shirt, then my own.
I sucked and licked her tits and nipples, then I let he do the same to me.
I was soo wet as she kissed down my belly, and pulled down my sweatpants
with her teeth.  I don't know where this little girl leaned to do this, but
I made me incredibly horny.  She licked my legs, then my thighs, then
finally my soaking wet pussy.  She stuck her tongue deep into me, then
licked all around my whole, then finally flicked my clit with her tongue.
I grabbed the back of her head, and pulled her into my wet cunt.  She kept
licking until I had a wonderful orgasm.  I had her lie back on the bed. I
took off her pants and licked her thighs, teasing her.  She put her hands
on the back of my head, trying to get me to lick her wonderful hairless
whole. But I kept licking all around it.

"Come on baby, pleaseeeee" she said.

I finally stuck my tongue into her, licking up and down her slit, then her
clit.  I tongue fucked her until she too came.

"Wow baby." I said after we recovered, "That was great."

"I know, God I love how you taste." She replied.

We lied together for a while, naked, looking into each others eyes,
touching each others bodies.  I started rubbing the mound between her legs.
She started to moan, I could feel her starting to get wet again.  I stuck
my finger inside of her, she was so tight, I could tell she was a virgin.
I grabbed the hair brush from my night stand and started rubbing up and
down her slit.  She looked down at me with a nervous look.

"What are you gonna do with that?" she asked

 "Just calm down baby" I said, "just lie down."

She did as I told her, and I started licking her whole again.  I got her
nice and wet, then started to slide my hair brush into her, she started
groaning, and pulling at the sheets on my bed.  I pushed a little farther.
"Are you ok?" I asked her.

"Yeah, im ok." She replied. So I pushed my brush farther, and I popped her
cherry. She started to cry out, I quickly covered her mouth with mine,
kissing her as she calmed down from having her body invaded.  After she was
ok, I continued fucking her with the brush, a combination of her blood and
juices on it every time I pulled it out.  I fucked her till she had a great
orgasm, collapsing in passion as she did.  We fell asleep lying there naked
together.  The next morning we woke up in each others arms.  We kissed each
other passionately.  We realized how messy we were from the night before,
and decided to get a shower.  We made each other cum while washing each
others naked bodies.  Sadly, our weekend eventually had to come to an end.
Megan and I made love several more times throughout the summer.  But as
summer came to a close, I moved up into high school, and Megan remained in
middle school.  This distance eventually made us drift apart.  Although I
would never have sex her, I would never forget Megan for opening the doors
to my journey to where I am today.


Please drop me a message at scott_winslow2135@yahoo.com and let me know
what you thought.  I hope you enjoyed, and be looking for the rest of the
story.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 51: kissing-game 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 21:17:06 -0800 (PST)
From: Julie NOPE <fscgirl98@yahoo.com>
Subject: The Kissing Game

Well, this is my first attempt at an erotic story, I hope you like it.

When I was 10 years old, I had one best friend; many other,
so-called-friends, but Jamie and I were inseparable.  I loved spending time
with her; she was the nicest girl that anyone could ever meet.  This was
back in the day when New Kids on the Block were big, and we ate, slept, and
breathed NKOTB!  One night, my mother took Jamie and I to their concert, we
were beside ourselves!  We had the most amazing time, singing and dancing
to every song they played.  On the way home, of course, we were very giggly
and so happy about what we had just experienced.

We were in the back seat of my mother's car, and to my surprise, Jamie put
her hands on my backside.  I was so shocked, but I just giggled...because
it felt really strange to have my best friend's hand on my butt.  She moved
it around, and I got a feeling that I had never before felt, so I decided
to feel her butt, and we were just giggling and having a blast.  I had no
idea that this was a sexual thing, it just felt good, and was funny, so I
felt that it was ok.

When we got home, she, of course, slept in my bed with me, and she asked me
if I liked when she touched my butt.  I said yes, that it made me feel
weird, but good.  She then asked me if I wanted to play a game, and I said
sure, because I was still very awake from the concert, and a game sounded
like a good idea.  She said it was called the kissing game, and that we
would pretend that we were kissing the guys we liked.  Well, this sounded
strange, but I was up for anything, so we started, and she was Travis, the
guy I liked, and we kissed, but with our mouths tightly closed.  It felt
very nice to have her lips on mine, and we were really getting into it.
She kept feeling my behind, and I would feel hers.  Every once in a while,
Jamie would tell me what a nice butt I had, and I would tell her the same,
I just figured it was part of the game we were playing.

We continued to play this game many times when Jamie would stay with me, or
when I would stay with her.  One day, we were playing the game, and I
accidentally opened my mouth a little and her tongue darted in my mouth.  I
was shocked, but I responded by massaging my tongue with hers.  While we
were doing this, I felt very strange, and my private parts were really
acting up.  I had never felt what I was feeling at the time, but I really
enjoyed it.  She asked me if I cared that we were French kissing, and I
said it was fine, so we continued to do it.  The next thing I knew, she was
feeling my growing breasts through my shirt.  I was getting so wet at this
point, and I had no idea what was happening to me.  (by the way, my parents
were hardly ever home, so we never had to worry about someone catching us)
She asked if I liked it, and all I could do was nod, so she removed my
shirt, and started sucking on my very erect nipples.  I was utterly shocked
at what she was doing to me, but I knew it felt very good.  I had already
developed small boobs at this point, and she loved feeling them.  I told
her that I was feeling very funny, and I didn't know if we should stop.
She responded by taking off her shirt, and popping her nipple into my
mouth.  I loved the feeling I got when I would suck on her beautiful small
breasts.  She had a very flat chest compared to mine, but I loved how large
her nipples were.

She told me that she was getting very wet, and I asked her what she meant,
so she told me to take off my skirt and underwear, and she would show me.
So, I did what she said, I was completely under her spell.  I slid my white
cotton panties off, and she placed her finger inside my very wet pussy.
She felt around and found my clit, and I was bucking like crazy with her
touch.  She then took off her pants and panties and asked me to feel her
pussy with my fingers...so I did what she said, and she moved my hands
around, and I found that nice little clit of hers and she started moaning
like crazy.  We finger fucked each other for a while, and then I started to
feel this amazing sensation...like I have never felt before.  She fucked me
faster and faster, until I came so hard that I collapsed.

She was upset because she had not been able to cum yet, and she asked if I
would kiss her pussy.  I was so overwhelmed with passion that I decided it
would be fun, so she spread her skinny legs to reveal her very wet, bald
pussy.  I didn't know what to do, she told me just to lick her pussy, that
she had seen her older brother's dirty magazines, and girls do it all the
time...so I did.  I stuck my tongue out and shoved it in her tight, virgin
pussy.  She started saying things like, oh yea baby, and do it faster,
until I was just circling her hard clit, she seemed to like that the best.
I kept the pace up, until she started moaning and screaming like crazy.  I
knew I had done a good job.

That was my first experience of pure ecstasy.  I hope you liked it.  Please
email me if you had a nice experience of your own.  I would love your
comments to help me become a better erotic storywriter!

FSCGirl98@yahoo.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 52: latin-friends 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 07 Sep 2004 23:04:01 -0400
From: Blaze Michael <blaze_kaos@hotmail.com>
Subject: Latin Friends

Latin Friends
By:Bl@ze

     The following story depecits oral sex between 2 minors,
if this offends you please leave,if you are under 18(in some places 21)
then please leave,otherwise enjoy,send all questions and comments to
blaze_kaos@hotmail.com.

     This is my story and no one elses,but the names of course
have been changed to protect the not so innocent.To post this
story anywhere please ask first.


     This is my first story guys so bear with me,
with more reviews and suggestions,i will be able to write better,
Also if there is particular theme you would like to read about please
send me and email and i will do my best to send you the story personally.



     Twelve years ago, i lived in new york; not a care in the world as i was
a
very young age, i was 8 yrs old.mid summer that year a mexican family
moved up stair from us,they had 4 children anna, christina,jose, and
fernando. I quickly befriended both girls, as they both still liked to play
with dolls,anna was 14 and christina was 12. Everyday after school, i came
home with my homework done so i could play with my new found friends; my
sister and i played more with christina then anna because she was older and
more into boys at the moment then we were, we would play until about 7 or
8pm , and after that we always begged my mom for more time.One afternoon
after i got home from school and was upstairs as usual, christina had to
go out with here mother to get something,so i stayed with anna. about 5
minutes after her mom left anna got up, and went into the kitchen,i wondered
what she was gonna do(i was very curious, and still am)so i gave her about
two minutes and followed down the hall into the kitchen,the hall was dark as
was the kitchen.

      I stepped into the kitchen,and almost had a heart attack,
anna grabed me and pushed me up against the wall and started rubbing her
hands all over my not so flat chest,and then shot right down in beteween my
legs and rubbed my hairless pussy,i was so shocked,but yet it felt so good
...Anna then lead me into her room and asked me to take off my pants,and i
just froze, i didnt know how to react,so she came over to me and pulled my
pants and underwear down and told me to lay on the edge of her bed,i did as
she commanded me to, and then she got in between my legs and lowered her
mouth over my little pussy. her mouth felt so hot and moist,then she put
her tounge inside my lips, and i let out a gasp,and she told me to be quiet.
after that she started licking away,and it felt so good,before i knew it my
hips were moving back and forth and i started to get a very warm feeling
between my legs, and anna noticed it too; she clamped down even tighter on
my pussy and licked furiously,until i let out such a primal scream that she
had to put her hand over my mouth to silence me;i didnt know it but i had
just had my first orgasm.

     after about 5 minutes of anna rubbing the out side
of my pussy she told me to get up and put my pants on,i did as she told me
to,and then she looked at me and i followed her lead as she touched herself
,and took my hand and showed me how to rub her, i didnt even notice when she
took her hand away but i was doing it all by myself. after about 10 minutes
of this rubbing,i noticed that her pussy hair was glistening with wet stuff
,so me being so curious, i leaned my head in and licked at it,this made anna
gasp,it tasted sweet, so i kept on licking away using my hands to part her
lips,when i did this i saw a huge monster clit,(at the time i thought it was
just skin)and started licking it,this made anna moan even louder.what i did
next made anna release such i scream that i had to put the pillow over her
face,i moved my mouth directly over her huge clit and sucked it in and
twirled my tounge around in a circle as fast as i could,this sent anna into
the next universe,after about 15 minutes of this anna started humping my
face
like crazy and i held on to her pussy for dear life.

     then she pumped her hips up one more time and fell back onto the bed
gasping for air.After her
orgasm was over her pussy was all wet with her juices so i just licked up as
much as the sweet stuff i could get and pushed my tounge into her hole as
far as it would go and licked up all her juices.Anna sat up on the bed and
pulled her pants back up,and pulled me onto her lap,and started kissing me
,she told me that i was the best pussy eater she had ever come by,and that
later on she would show me how to finger fuck.We left her room and went to
the bathroom together to clean up,then sat back in the living room and
waited for her sister and her mom to come back.This was the begining of
a beautiful friendship.....


     Any suggestions or questions please email me  at blaze_kaos@hotmail.com
with ''latin friends'' in the subject line, all emails will be answerd.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 53: lez-be-friends 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 16 Feb 1999 10:02:28 PST
From: Candy Kane <rytr33@hotmail.com>
Subject: Lez Be Friends by Candy Kane [ff]

WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of 
explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends 
you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

LEZ BE FRIENDS by Candy Kane

My name is Julie and I'm a typical sixteen-year-old girl, bored and 
horny.  It was Saturday morning and my parents were away for the 
weekend.  I had already masturbated once before I got up and again in 
the shower, but it didn't help much.  I needed something besides my 
fingers between my legs.  Then the phone rang; it was our neighbor 
asking if I could baby-sit her twelve-year-old daughter, Kim, until 
Sunday night.

"Sure," I said, thinking of what I could do with the $25.00 that I'd be 
getting.

Kim was a pretty girl, her legs were long and shapely and she had long 
blond hair that came down to the middle of her back.  She was always 
smiling, and when I saw her around the neighborhood, she would wave and 
say hello.

Kim arrived at noon with her overnight bag in hand.  After lunch, we 
decided to lie around our backyard pool and work on our tans.  It was a 
hot summer day and the pool would be a great way to stay cool and have 
some fun.

Our backyard was enclosed with a privacy fence and I liked to sunbathe 
in the nude when I was alone.  So after Kim and I pulled a couple of 
cushions off two lounges and placed them a few feet apart on the deck, I 
slipped my bikini top off without even thinking of asking her if she 
minded.  She was wearing a two-piece as well and she glanced over at my 
bare breasts and said, "I think I'll take my top off too, OK, Julie?"

"Best way to get a good tan," I said.  As I watched her, I realized she 
had great skin.  Her breasts were small but forming nicely; she had 
adorable little pink nipples.  I felt a tingle of excitement at the 
sight of Kim's body but wrote it off as just being in a constant state 
of teenage arousal.  She obviously sunbathed in the nude too; she had no 
tan lines.  I enjoyed watching her wiggle her ass around on the cushion 
to get comfortable.  Things were looking up, I thought, and decided to 
take a gamble and see how she reacted.

"Kim," I said.  "I normally lay out here nude when I'm by myself.  Since 
it's just us girls, do you mind if I take my bottom off?"

She smiled.  "Only if I can too."

"Hey, great."  I hooked my thumbs under the sides of my bikini, and a 
second later I was naked.  As I tossed it aside, I noticed the crotch 
was wet.  My pussy was way ahead of my fantasies, I thought.

Kim was laying on her back and she brought her legs up and slipped her 
bikini off.  When she did, I got a revealing look at her young sex.  It 
was perfectly shaped: a hint of a mound with delicate lips that flaring 
out slightly at the bottom and a trace of blond fuzz.  I had to admit, 
seeing this little girl's pussy was a turn-on and the idea of being 
alone with her for the weekend made my whole body tingle.  I slid my 
hand down to my crotch to confirm I was definitely wet.

Kim saw me touch myself and her eyes lingered on my pussy after I took 
my hand away.  Then she smiled and turned over on her stomach, her head 
resting on her arms.

I didn't want to seem like I was staring but I couldn't take my eyes off 
her.  Her ass was flawlessly rounded and her cute toes begged to be 
sucked.  Her skin was tanned the color of light copper and her blond 
hair flowed like liquid gold down across her shoulders.  The more I 
looked, the more aroused I got.

I had never made it with a girl before.  Well, not technically anyway.  
I had a girl finger me in a swimming pool once when I was twelve.  We 
were on family vacation and I had made friends with this girl at a motel 
pool.  Her name was Sara, and she was a couple of years older than I 
was.  We hit it off right away and spent the afternoon sunbathing, 
talking and laughing.  It was getting dark and my dad told me I had to 
come up soon and get ready to go to dinner.  After he and mom went to 
our room, there was no one left in the pool so Sara and I decided to go 
for one last swim.

We floated around for awhile and then she said she felt like doing 
something crazy.  I said like what?  She said like skinny-dipping.  I 
told her she was nuts; someone would see us.  She said there was no one 
around, and besides, it would be fun.  She unhooked the catch on the 
front of her top and playfully flashed me her breasts, daring me to show 
her mine.  Then she took her top off, slipped out of her bottom, and 
laid both on the edge of the pool.

I was wearing a string bikini and the water was deep enough to cover my 
breasts.  There were little bows on my hips that held my bottom on and a 
bow in the front that kept my top in place.  Sara pulled the string 
between my breasts and the material fell away.  Before I could cover 
back up, she sank under the water and untied the bows on my hips.  With 
a broad smile, she surfaced with my bikini bottom in her hand.  I tried 
to grab it but she tossed it on the ledge beside hers.  A second later, 
she did the same with my top.  Then, with a wink, she turned and dove 
under.  When I saw her bare ass, I decided, why not?

We splashed around and chased each other for a while, giggling at how 
naughty we were.  Then I got nervous that my dad would come down and 
catch us so I told Sara I had to put my suit back on.  I swam over to 
the ledge, but before I could reach for it, she came up and kissed me on 
the mouth.  I asked her why she did it and she said that I was sexy and 
really turned her on.  She told me she wished she were a boy because she 
wanted to fuck me.  Then she kissed me again, this time a long French 
kiss and I felt her hand between my legs.

I was so stunned I didn't know what to do.  Before I could react, her 
finger was inside me.

My heart jumped when she found my clitoris.  In no time I was breathing 
hard and trying to hold on to the side of the pool.  She pressed her 
body against mine and continued to French kiss me while she 
finger-fucked me.

At twelve years old, I was already masturbating at least once a day, but 
this was the first time anyone had ever done it for me.  It didn't take 
long for her to make me come.  It was my first real sex with another 
person and I loved it.  After I managed to catch my breath, I begged her 
to do it to me again.  She smiled and said she had a better idea: could 
I sneak out of my room and meet her later that night?  She promised that 
if I did, she would make me come with her mouth.  My pussy quivered at 
the thought of her licking it.  I almost died when I remembered I was 
supposed to go with my parents to visit relatives that night.  She said 
that was too bad because she could show me how much fun girls can have 
with each other.

Reluctantly, we put our suits back on.  Before she left, Sara kissed me 
goodbye and gave my pussy one last carress through the thin material of 
my bikini.  Then she swam over to the ladder.  I wanted her so bad I 
almost cried as I watched her go.

"Don't forget me," she said and climbed out.  I never did.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not a lesbian.  I've already let a couple of 
boys get between my legs.  But I've always wondered what it would have 
felt like to have sex with Sara.  I broke up with my last boyfriend over 
three weeks ago.  And he was just getting to where he could fuck me 
without shooting off in the first ten seconds.  Since then, the only sex 
I'd had was with the five lovers on the end of my hand.  So as horny as 
I was, the thought of spending the weekend alone with Kim definitely 
made my mouth water and my pussy wet.  Suddenly, her voice shook me out 
of my dreamy state.

"Julie, will you rub lotion on me?"

I felt a rush of heat through my body realizing she had asked me to 
touch her.  "Sure, Kim," I said.  "But you've got to promise you'll do 
me too."

I couldn't believe I'd said that.  Did she realize what I really meant?  
Did she know the sight of her naked body was setting me on fire?  If she 
did, she showed no reaction.

I shoved my cushion up next to hers and opened the bottle of suntan 
lotion.  My thigh pressed against the side of her leg as I knelt down 
and I felt the heat from her skin.  I was nervous as I squirted out a 
small amount of lotion onto my palm.  I rubbed my hands together and 
applied the coconut-scented liquid to her back.

Her skin was even softer than I imagined.  I babied it, moving my hands 
in slow circles up over her shoulders and down her back and sides.  Kim 
stretched her arms out over her head and I leaned forward to rub the 
lotion on them.  My breasts touched her back and my nipples hardened 
against her warm skin.

She kept her eyes closed but I saw a bit of a smile as my nipples 
lightly moved across her back.  I repositioned myself to get at her legs 
while my gaze stayed on her ass.  Would she let me touch it?  Rub lotion 
into her crack?  Between her legs?  Or would she get scared and run 
away?

I babied her feet; pampering them and running my fingers between each 
perfect little toe.  All I could think about was putting them in my 
mouth.  Eventually I moved up her calves to the back of her legs behind 
her knees.  I hoped she liked being touched there as much as I did.  
Then I moved on to the back of her thighs, getting ever closer to her 
ass.  By now my pussy was so wet that I smelled my arousal.  I wondered 
if Kim could too.

Well, here goes, I thought.  I squirted a little lotion onto my palm and 
placed both hands on her ass.  Lightly, I rubbed the sides first and 
worked my way inward.

"Mmmm," Kim said.  "That feels so good, Julie.  You do it just like 
Janet."

"Who's Janet?" I said, taken by surprise.

"My girlfriend.  We sunbathe together a lot and she loves rubbing lotion 
all over me.  She's such a tease."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Oh, you know.  She likes to put her hand between my legs and play with 
me.  Sometimes I think she's a lez but she swears she likes boys too.  
Anyway, you'd like Janet a lot."

"I'm sure I would," I said, not believing my ears.  Kim lets her 
girlfriend touch her?  I knew immediately I'd died and gone to heaven.  
The prospect of having sex was looking better all the time.  If I 
couldn't have a nice hard dick inside me, Kim's tongue would do just 
fine.

I put a few more drops of lotion on my palm and rubbed it across her ass 
cheeks.  As my fingertips slipped into her crack, Kim spread her legs.  
Slowly, I traced the inside of her crack stopping for a moment when my 
fingertip found her little anus, so puckered and tight.  My heart was 
pounding and I was sure she could hear it.  I moved my hand down and 
rubbed the lotion along her inner thighs.  Holding my breath, I let my 
finger touch her.  She was so soft, her pussy lips felt like delicate 
flower petals.  It took everything I could do not to penetrate her.

My head was spinning.  All I could think about was making love to her.  
Finally, I realized I had covered every inch of the back of her body 
with lotion.  There was no reason to continue without being accused of 
sexually molesting a minor.  Then Kim turned over and smiled up at me.  
She stretched out her arms and said, "Do my front, Julie."

"Do you like it when your girlfriend plays with you?" I asked.

"I love it," she said, closing her eyes.  "It feels really good and it's 
so much fun."

"Do you ever, you know, play with her?"

"Sure.  But mostly I just let Janet do whatever she wants.  And most of 
the time, all she wants to do is put her fingers in me."  She giggled 
and ran her hand down between her legs.  I watched in fascination as she 
rubbed herself.

"Janet sleeps over a lot on the weekends," she continued.  "After my mom 
goes to bed, we stay up late and watch TV.  Janet loves making out so we 
lay on the couch and do that a lot."

"Has your mom ever caught you?"

"Yeah, once after school.  Janet came over and we were up in my room.  
My mom came home early and walked in on us."

"What were you doing," I asked.  My pussy was throbbing.

"We were laying on my bed making out and Janet had her hand in my 
panties."

"Did your mom get upset?"

"At first she did.  But later she said it was just a phase girls went 
through and that she did it when she was young too.  She said we should 
just be careful."

"Careful?"

"You know, that if we were going to experiment, we should only do it 
with each other, not with boys and wind up getting pregnant."

I was mesmerized by the innocent way Kim described having sex with her 
girlfriend and I wondered if she had any idea how turned on she was 
making me.

Then Kim said, "But my mom really couldn't say too much when she caught 
us."

"Why is that," I asked

"Well, because there's a girl that my mom works with that comes over 
sometimes.  They drink a lot of wine and hug and kiss, and sometimes she 
sleeps with my mom.  I can hear them through the wall.  I know they're 
experimenting just like Janet and me."

She touched herself again.  Then she said, "Once, Janet was over and my 
mom and her girlfriend were in the next room.  We got really turned on 
listening to them and Janet said we should take our clothes off and go 
get in bed with them.  You know, maybe they would let us watch or 
something.  We almost did it but chickened out at the last minute."  Kim 
giggled and said, "But we still took our clothes off and had lots of fun 
playing with each other." 

I had never been so turned on in my life.  My pussy ached so much it 
hurt as I pressed my legs together.

Taking a deep breath, I put more lotion on my hands and placed them on 
her stomach, first rubbing her hips and sides.  Would she let me touch 
her breasts?  I slowly moved closer to those ripe little mounds.  I'd 
already touched her ass, and for a brief instant, her pussy.  And she 
told me she let her girlfriend do it all the time.  So why not?  Acting 
like it was the most natural thing in the world for a girl to do to 
another girl, I rubbed my slippery hands over her breasts.  Her nipples 
turned into little hard buds as I played with them between my fingers.

Kim smiled.  "That feels really nice, Julie"

As I continued to run my hands over her chest and stomach, my eyes 
wandered down to that heavenly spot between her legs.  I moved down her 
stomach until I touched her little patch of fuzz and played with its 
velvety texture for a moment.  Then I rubbed her inner thigh.  She 
closed her eyes and spread her legs letting me know I could keep going.  
Slowly I moved my hand up until I was touching her.  I had to go slow, 
not frighten her off, so I lightly rubbed her just enough to apply the 
lotion.  Her reaction was a soft moan as she spread her legs further 
apart.

I cupped her pussy and gently stroked it, my middle finger sliding along 
her slit.  Then I let it ease in between her folds.  She was so warm and 
wet, and she responded by pushing against my hand.  I watched her face 
as my finger disappeared inside her.  My other hand was already busy 
between my own legs.

Kim opened her mouth and sighed, bringing a hand up to play with her 
nipple.  Then she turned her head so she could watch me masturbate.  At 
that moment, I think we both knew we were going to make love.  She 
reached between my legs and put her hand on mine, playing with my 
fingers as I worked them in and out of my hole.

"I like to do that too," she said.  "I do it a lot."

I was about to increase my rhythm when she said, "Julie?"

"Yes, sweetheart."

"Can I do you now."

Another thirty seconds and I could have made us both come.  But I 
stopped and reluctantly took my finger out of her. "OK, Kim," I said 
breathlessly.

I lay back on my cushion and brought my finger to my nose.  A wave of 
forbidden excitement swept over me as I smelled her and realized I 
wanted to have sex with this little girl more than anything.

She got up and knelt beside me, squirted some lotion on her palms and 
rubbed them together.  Then she started massaging my feet, playing with 
my toes like I had hers.  "What are you thinking about," she asked after 
a moment.

"A movie I saw once.  It was about an American girl who took a trip to 
Japan.  One day she went to get a massage from a Geisha girl."

"What's a Geisha girl," Kim asked as she spread the lotion along my 
legs.

"A Geisha Girl is one who likes to please others," I said. "Anyway, when 
they were alone, they took off all their clothes and the American girl 
lay on her back.  The Geisha was going to rub lotion on the girl but 
instead of using her hands, first she put the lotion on her own body.  
Then she laid on top of the American girl and rubbed it all over her."

Kim thought for a moment.  "Wow, that sounds like fun.  Can I do it to 
you?"

"I was hoping you'd want to," I said as my heart raced.

Kim knelt between my feet.  Then she held the bottle up and squirted a 
generous amount on her chest and breasts.  After she spread it around, 
she crawled toward me until her breasts were over my hips.  She lowered 
herself down and started a slow back and forth motion applying the 
lotion with her breasts across my stomach.  "Like this?" she said, 
smiling up at me.

"Just like that, sweetheart."  My breathing quickened when our nipples 
touched; her soft breasts pressed into mine.

When we were face-to-face, she asked, "So were they lesbians?"

"Who," I said not able to think straight.

"The two girls, silly."

"No, not the American," I said.  "She had a boyfriend and they were 
always screwing.  But she was definitely bisexual because she really got 
off with the massage.  I think the Geisha girl was probably a lesbian, 
though."

"So what did they do next?"

"Well," I said, looking into her beautiful blue eyes. "They kissed."

"Have you ever kissed a girl," Kim asked, never stopping her slow, 
side-to-side movement.

"Yes," I said.

"Janet and I kiss a lot."  She shifted her hips over so our pussies were 
pressing into each other's thighs.  With no attempt to hide it, she was 
humping my leg as we masturbated each other.

"Kissing a girl is nice," she said in a dreamy voice.  "It's so soft, a 
lot softer than kissing a boy."  Kim moved her hips faster.  "And after 
they kissed," she asked, her breathing become more rapid, "what did they 
do?"

"The Geisha girl turned around so they were in a sixty-nine and they 
made love."  I was finding it hard to speak now as we ground into each 
other.

"Did you make love to the girl you kissed?"

"No."

"Did you want to?"

"At the time, I didn't really know what making love was.  Not the way 
two girls do it, anyway."  I could feel my climax building, my stomach 
sucked in and out.  My back arched and pushed harder onto her thigh.

"And now?  Do you know how two girls make love?"

"Yes."

She paused for a moment, then whispered, "Can we do it, Julie?  You and 
me?"

"Kim, sweetheart, that's all I've wanted to do since you got here."  I 
pulled her face to mine and we kissed hard and deep, her golden hair 
falling down all over my face.  She tasted so sweet and her body felt 
heavenly on top of me.  The intensity of our mutual masturbation 
increased and it took only a minute more for us to climax together.  I 
felt her warm juice flow out onto my leg as Kim's body stiffened.  Her 
head jerked back and she closed her eyes tight, grinding herself into my 
thigh as hard as she could.  At the same time she pushed her leg down 
causing my pussy to spasm in ecstasy.

We lay in each other's arms for a long time trying to catch our breaths.  
Then we kissed, this time a soft kiss that seemed to go on forever.  Our 
lips were like feathers lightly brushing each other, our tongues dancing 
a slow dance together.

Finally, Kim said, "Let's go for a swim."

"OK," I said and we got up and walked to the edge of the pool.  I waited 
for her to dive in first so I could get a glimpse of her cunt lips 
between her legs.  Then I jumped in and swam after her.  We were lovers: 
touching, hugging, kissing, and laughing.  We would take turns swimming 
between each other's legs and Kim would tickle my pussy on her way 
through.  We chased each other, splashing and wrestling.  When our 
bodies pressed together, it was incredible.  She swam away and suddenly 
come up in front of me, throwing her arms around my neck and planting 
kisses all over my face.  

"What's that for?" I asked.

"Because you make me feel soooo good."  Then she giggled and swam away 
teasing me to chase her.

"Lets get out and go inside," I said the next time I had her in my arms.

Kim eagerly agreed and swam over to the ladder.  She climbed up but 
stopped halfway to bend over and ring out her long hair.  I was right 
behind and her perfect little bottom was only inches from my face.  
Unable to resist, I kissed both cheeks and ran my tongue inside her 
crack, finding her anus.  She let out an adorable little laugh and 
smiled back at me.  "I like it when you do that, Julie.  Will you do it 
when we make girl-love?"

"I'll do it until you beg me to stop, sweetheart."

"Maybe I won't want you to stop."  Then she wiggled her ass in my face 
and scooting up the ladder.

My heart was racing as we toweled off.  Then I took her hand and we 
walked across the patio to the house.  I saw our reflection in the glass 
sliding doors: two naked girls hand-in-hand, hot for each other and 
about to have sex.  It was so erotic it made me dizzy.  Kim saw our 
reflection too and slipped her arm around my waist, leaning in to give 
my nipple a playful kiss.

We went upstairs to my bedroom and Kim waited while I closing the 
shades.  I tuned my stereo to a soft rock station and went to her.  She 
put her arms around my neck and pressed her delicate body to mine.  
Looking up at me, Kim closed her eyes and opened her mouth in 
invitation.  We kissed passionately, our eager tongues trying to taste 
everything at once.  Then I lay down on the bed and pulled her on top of 
me, kissing her mouth, face, eyes; all that I could.

We softly touched and caressed, snuggled and hugged, our bodies pressed 
tight, our legs entwined; we breathed the same air and drank the 
moisture from each other's mouths.  I smelled her hair, her neck, her 
arms; everything about her sent waves of excitement through me.  I ran 
my hands down her back and over her bottom.  My finger found her anus 
and I gently probed until it started to let me in.

She moved her hips making her pussy meet mine and I sucked in a deep 
breath when I felt the heat between her legs. 

I was eating her face now, licking and kissing everything.  Kim answered 
my hungry mouth with anxious kisses.

I rolled her over on her back and she opened her legs giving herself to 
me completely.  I moved to her left nipple, and the second I took it in 
my mouth, she arched her back and wrapped her legs around my waist.

I went from one nipple to the other leaving a wet trail in between.  
Then I continued my slow journey down her body first exploring her navel 
with my tongue and then biting and kissing her soft patch of fuzz.

She spread her legs more as I loved her inner thighs with my tongue.  
Her hips bucked and she tried to maneuver herself to my mouth.  All I 
could smell was her sex and I found it more sensual than any perfume.  I 
was dizzy with the thought of making this little girl give off the 
fragrance of an aroused woman.  I didn't have to touch her to know she 
was soaked.  Her lips were flared open, gorged with arrousal and ready 
for sex; they glistened with moisture.  Her clitoris stuck out hard and 
erect like it was about to burst.  I was determined to take her to the 
heights of ecstasy and make it last as long as I could.  So without 
touching her sex, I kissed and licked all around it.

I worked my way down the inside of her legs to her ankles.  Then I got 
on my knees, took her right foot and placed it on my left breast.  While 
she used her toes to play with my hard, swollen nipple, I kissed and 
licked her other foot.

Her little toes were so adorable with their bright cherry red nails.  I 
slid my tongue between each one then sucked them like candy.  Kim tried 
to masturbate but I made her take her hand away.  "Not yet, honey.  
Besides, that's my job."

"You're so mean," she said, going back to playing with her breasts.

After I finished her right foot, I swapped it with the other and started 
over.  Her wet toes on my sensitive nipple sent shock waves straight 
down between my legs.

"Julie," she said between moans.  "You're making me crazy.  I need you 
to love me now."

"Patience, sweet baby."

"If you're not going to do me, then I'm not going to play with you 
anymore."  She pretended to pout and took her foot off my breast but I 
grabbed it and placed it on my crotch.  I was soaked and her big toe 
easily slid inside quickly finding my erect clitoris.  Now we were both 
playing dirty, I thought.

After a few delicious minutes of sucking her toes while she fucked my 
pussy, I realized I was going to come if I didn't slow.  Then Kim said, 
"Please, Julie, I can't wait.  I need you here, now."  With a gesture of 
urgency, she pointed between her legs.

The fragrance of her arousal was so strong, it made me light-headed.  I 
could tell from her rapid breathing and the rolling motion of her pelvis 
that she was more than ready to fuck.

I took her foot from my pussy.  Her toes were covered with my juice and 
I licked each one clean.  I loved the taste of my own girl-cum; the most 
erotic part of masturbating was licking the juice from my fingers 
afterwards.  I often wondered what another girl would taste like.  Now, 
I was about to find out.

I started licking and kissing my way back up the inside of her legs, 
taking my time, enjoying the sensation of her young skin on my lips.  
Then I lay down between her legs and blew on her slit placing little 
kisses on each side of it.

"Oh, please, Julie." she whispered and pushed on the back of my head. 
"Please do me now."

"You're only a minute away from heaven, sweet baby," I said.  Then I 
covered her pussy with my mouth and shoved my tongue in as deep as I 
could.  She cried out as she clamped her legs around me like she would 
never let go.

Eating Kim was the most sensual thing I had ever done.  I couldn't get 
enough of her: the salty taste of her skin; the softness of her inner 
thighs pressed against the sides of my face; the tickle of her 
adolescent fuzz on my nose; the fresh smell of her young sex; the 
tenderness of her fingers in my hair; the childlike cries of pleasure; 
her beautiful body responding to my every touch.  I wanted to stay there 
forever.

Her slender hips followed the rhythm of my tongue and she positioned 
herself so I could penetrate her as deep as possible.  As her pelvic 
thrusts increased, I concentrated on sucking her clitoris while I slid a 
finger in her.  When it was covered with her juice, I played with her 
anus.  This time, my slippery finger easily penetrated her warm rectum.

Kim went wild emitting little grunts and yelps as she bucked against my 
face.  She brought her legs up and grabbed the back of her knees.  With 
her toes pointed straight up, she spread herself wide open.  Her moans 
got louder until she cried and laughed at the same time.  Her girl-cum 
thickened and her pussy walls started to spasm-I knew she was getting 
ready to climax.

Suddenly, she stiffened.  "Oh, Julie!  Here it comes!"  Her juice ran 
into my mouth and down my chin, dripping into her crack.  I tried to lap 
up every drop. 

Without slowing down, I sucked her clitoris while working my finger 
completely up into her ass.  She had two more short, quick orgasms in a 
row before I slowed.  Finally, her body relaxed, her legs came down at 
my sides and she went limp.  I looked up and saw her eyes closed, her 
tongue slowly licking her lips.  She stroked my hair as her breathing 
normalled.

Her body was covered with sweat and her scent was everywhere.  I moved 
up beside her and propped up on my elbow.  Stroking her radiant face, so 
flushed with sex, I whispered, "How's my sweet lover?"

"Oh, Julie," she whispered.  Then she turned on her side and touched my 
face.  We kissed and she said, "I can taste myself on your lips."  Then 
we kissed again.

For a while, we just let our hands caress our bodies, saying with a 
touch what words could not.  Kim gently played with my nipples, my 
navel, and pubic hair as we stared into each other's eyes.  With my 
fingertip I traced the edge of her ear, her cheek, her lips.  Then she 
said, "Let's make love again.  This time, let's do it like in that movie 
you told me about.  Remember, when the girls did the sixty-nine?"

"I think that would be very nice," I said and kissed her softly.  Then I 
rolled on my back and helped Kim get up and swing her leg over me.  She 
backed up until her ass was over my face.  Bringing my knees up, I 
spread my legs and felt her long hair fall down between my thighs.  
Looking up, I opened her with my fingers.  Then I wrapped my arms around 
her hips and pulled her to me.

Kim tenderly kissed my folds and explored them with the tip of her 
tongue.  I pushed my nose into her crack as I licked her, savoring the 
tangy taste, the musky smell, and sexy heat of her tight little bottom.  
She opened me up with her fingers and went right to my swollen clitoris, 
taking it between her lips and loving it with her tongue.  As she did, 
she wet her finger with my juice and slipped it into my ass.  The 
combination of her tongue and finger moving inside me blinded me with 
passion.

We held on tight and buried our faces between each other's legs.  
Muffled cries and the smell of sex filled the air.  At that moment, the 
room faded and there was nothing else in the world but two girls making 
love.

* * *

It was almost dark when I awoke.  Kim looked like an angel asleep beside 
me.  Her breathing was slow and relaxed, her face a picture of bliss.

We had made love for hours that afternoon, trying any way we could think 
of to please each other.  Kim sat on my face and spewed her girl-cum 
into my mouth.  Then we lay pussy to pussy in a scissors position 
rubbing our wet clits against each other.  She lay on her stomach and 
let me eat her from behind, and we tried the sixty-nine again, this time 
with me on top.  Each time was better than the last as we became 
experienced lovers discovering new ways to make each other climax.  At 
some point, out of shear exhaustion, we fell asleep in each other's 
arms.  

I lay and watched her for a long time before I gently put my hand 
between her legs.  Still asleep, she instinctively spread herself for 
me.  Then she opened her eyes and turned her face to me.  With a smile, 
she said, "What a nice way to wake up."  Kim pulled me to her and we 
kissed.  Her mouth was so soft and warm. "Promise you'll always wake me 
like that?" she said.

"What if I want to use my tongue?"

"Mmmm, even better."

We French kissed as I moved my finger inside her.  She responded by 
pushing against my hand with her hips.  "Did you have nice wet dreams?" 
I asked.

"Yes, they were all about making love with you."  Within seconds, Kim's 
breathing increased and her pelvis moved faster.  "I want to fuck some 
more," she said and ran her tongue into my mouth.

I rolled on my back.  "Come here, honey," I said and made Kim sit up.  
She quickly realized what I wanted and straddled my head positioning her 
pussy over my mouth.  She was already soaked, her clitoris stuck out 
like a tiny penis.

I sank my tongue into her and reached around to find her anus.  She was 
humping my face faster and faster in long movements and then short, 
quick bursts.  Then she leaned back and cried out, her warm girl-cum 
flowing out into my mouth.  She had gone from being asleep to climaxing 
in less than two minutes.

Slowly, Kim rolled off me and lay with her back to me.  While I casually 
fingered myself, I lay on my side and kissed the back of her legs and 
her bottom, drunk with the sweet smell.  After a moment, she raised her 
leg so I could kiss her pussy from behind and I realized she wanted to 
fuck again.  "Sweet baby, you're insatiable."  I gave her pussy a loving 
kiss and propped up on my elbow.

"If that means I want you to eat me some more, you're right."  Kim said.  
She sat up and smiled at me.

"I intend to, sweetheart," I said and took her face in my hands, kissing 
her.  "But first, I'm thirsty.  How about you?"

"Very."

I took her right hand and held it in mine.  "Is this the lucky one?"  I 
asked and kissed her middle finger.

"What do you mean by lucky one?"

"The one you use to love yourself with?"

"Oh," she said and blushed.  "You mean when I masturbate."

I put her finger in my mouth and slowly stroked it with my tongue until 
it was nice and wet.  Then I guided it down between her legs.  "Keep it 
warm for me," I said and hopped off the bed heading down to the kitchen.  
I looked back to see Kim's eyes already closed, her finger moving in 
little delicate circles around her clitoris.

The first thing I spotted in the refrigerator was a half-full bottle of 
wine.  I grabbed it and a glass, and ran back up the stairs.  I could 
smell her all over me and it made me wet.

When I walked in the bedroom, the scent of our lovemaking almost knocked 
me over.  Kim had positioned herself on her back with her legs spread so 
I could see what she was doing.  She was so beautiful I wanted to forget 
the wine and dive right in between her legs.

"I missed you so," she said and brought her finger up to her lips.  
"It's just not the same as your tongue."  Then she giggled and sat up.  
"What did you bring me?"

"Do you like wine?" I said.  I sat on the bed next to her.

"I love it.  My mom always keeps some in the frig and Janet and I sneak 
a sip sometimes."

Kim scooted over until she sat on my lap, her legs wrapped around me, 
little drops of girl-cum from her wet pussy dripping down on mine.  I 
poured some wine in the glass and we took turns drinking.

"This is good," Kim said.

I took another sip.  Holding a little in my mouth, I pulled her to me.  
She instinctively opened her mouth and I let the wine flow from mine 
into hers as we kissed.

"The wine makes me feel really warm and sexy," Kim said as our kiss 
ended and she swallowed the liquid.  She put her arms around my neck, 
her adolescent breasts resting on top of mine.  "Do you think I'm sexy, 
Julie?"

"I think you're the sexiest thing I've ever seen.  Sexy enough to eat," 
I said and nibbled her neck.

"I want another drink."

I poured a little more into the glass but she tapped her finger on my 
lips.  "No, silly," she said.  "I want it from here." 

I took a sip and she opened her lips to receive my kiss.  This time we 
passed the liquid back and forth a few times before she swallowed it.  
Then she slipped her hand between my legs.  "Now I want to drink what 
comes out of here," she said and put her finger in me.

"You mean you're still thirsty?" I asked.

"Yeah, for some Julie juice."  She laughed out loud at her little joke.  
Then she took the wine bottle and said, "I'll show you a turn-on Janet 
taught me."

Kim slid off my lap.  I watched in fascination as this adorable little 
angel got up on her knees and spread them apart.  She placed the bottle 
between her legs and slowly eased herself down on its lip.  Guiding the 
bottle with one hand, she used her other to play with her clit.  Her 
breathing soon quickened and I could see her fingers were getting wet.  
Then she used both hands to spread herself open wide.

Another wave of arousal swept over me watching this incredibly erotic 
act as the lip of the bottle slipped inside her.  When it was in about 
two inches, she moved up and down very slowly.  As she fucked the 
bottle, she continued stroking herself.

I couldn't take my eyes off it sliding in and out of her as I heard her 
breathing increase.  Suddenly, she gasped and her body quivered.  She 
closed her eyes and I saw girl-cum flow out of her and down the neck of 
the bottle.  I was so turned on, I almost fell over.  My heart pounded.

Then she took the bottle from between her legs and handed it to me.  
"Want a taste?"

I took it and touched it to my lips.  It was sticky and slightly sweet 
like honey but with a touch of salt from the sweat of her crotch.  I 
savored every drop as I licked the lip and neck clean.  Then I tipped it 
up and took a long drink.

"So now that you've had both, what do you like more, me or the wine?" 
she said.

"I don't think I could ever get enough of you."

Kim giggled that sweet laugh I'd already come to adore.  It was so cute 
and soft, so full of innocence and yet provocative at the same time.  
God, she was soooo sexy.  Before the night was over, I was going to lick 
and kiss every inch of this little piece of girl-candy.  But first, I 
decided to put her through her own brand of turn-on.

I got up on my knees, spread my legs and stroked my pussy.  My fingers 
slid in and out, teasing my clitoris.  I was already wet from watching 
her fuck the bottle so it took only a moment for me to be ready.  I 
positioned the lip of the bottle between my legs and let it slide into 
me.  I was soaked and there was no resistance as four inches 
disappeared.  Then I masturbated.

Kim leaned back on her heels, spread her legs and fingered herself while 
she watched.  Every so often, she would switch hands and lick the juice 
off her fingers.  When I came, I felt a flood of my girl-cum flow out 
and down the bottle's neck.  My chest was heaving and my body glistened 
with perspiration as I took the bottle and handed it to her.

She locked her eyes on mine and put the bottle to her lips. "Delicious 
Julie juice," she said and licked the neck like a Popsicle melting in 
the heat.  When she had cleaned it off, she tipped it up and took a 
drink.

I leaned forward and took her face in my hands kissing her.  She kissed 
me back and then I took the bottle and glass and sat them on the 
nightstand.  "Sweetheart," I said.  "I've got to go pee.  Lay down and 
I'll be right back."

"Julie, can I watch?"

"What?"

"Please," she begged.

"Why do you want to watch?"

"Because I like to.  I promise it'll be fun.  Janet and I watch each 
other pee all the time."

"I've got to meet this Janet," I said and took Kim's hand, leading her 
to the bathroom.  "So you just want to watch me?"  I stood next to the 
toilet.

"Sit down and spread your legs," Kim said.  "You'll love what I'm going 
to do, I promise."

I did what she asked.  Then my lover knelt down in front of me and put 
her hand between my legs.  She stroked my pussy still wet and sticky 
from the bottle.

"Don't pee yet," she said as she played with my slit.  Soon, I felt one 
of her delicate little fingers inside me and then two.  She found my 
clitoris and started rubbing it.  I could feel it swell up and come out 
of its hiding place.  I had to pee badly, and yet this was so 
wonderfully nasty having her hand between my legs and her fingers inside 
me.  I started breathing hard as I felt yet another climax building.  I 
put my hands on her shoulders for support.

She smiled up and me and said, "OK, do it."

A flood of liquid shot out of me just as I came.  I looked down and 
watched her rubbing me, the hot golden urine squirting on her hand.  It 
was so erotic and one of the best climaxes I'd ever had.  I leaned over 
and kissed her, running my tongue into her mouth to find hers.  When I 
was done, she giggled and got up.  Rinsing her hand off in the sink, she 
took a wash cloth, wet it, and wiped me clean.  "I told you you'd like 
it," she said with a big smile.

"God, did I."  I kissed her all over her face.

"Now, my turn.  I've got to pee too."

I stood up and let Kim take my place on the toilet.  She spread her 
little legs wide and I knelt in front of her.  I reached out and stroked 
her pussy, letting my finger slip into her hole.  She smiled at my touch 
and placed her hands on my shoulders.

"Do you and Janet do this a lot?" I asked.

"Yeah.  It's one of our games."

"What are some of the others?"

"Sometimes when we're alone, we take all our closes off and slow dance.  
N & N we call it; naked and nasty."

"That sounds sexy.  What else?"

"Sometimes we go into a stall in the girls bathroom at school and make 
out.  Then, when we're got each other wet, we switch panties."

"Sounds like you and Janet have a lot of fun together."

"We do, but Janet doesn't put her mouth on my hole like you do.  Maybe 
you could show her how.  You could teach Janet how you and I fuck and 
then the three of us could do it together."

"Great," I said and kissed her.  I felt her body responding to my 
strokes.  My thumb found her little love button and it got hard just 
like her nipples did when I touched them.  I was so excited at being 
able to please her.  I couldn't wait to get her back in bed so I could 
bury my face between her legs and take her to heaven again.

Kim tilted her head back and closed her eyes.  I watched her stomach 
suck in and out.  She gritted her teeth and said, "Oh, Julie, here I 
come."

With a gush, she let go and a stream of urine shot out.  It was so hot 
washing over my hand.  She was bucking my fingers now, trying to get 
every bit of pleasure out of them.

I rubbed her pussy until all the urine was out.  Then I kissed her and 
got up to wash my hand.  I came back with the cloth soaked in warm water 
and cleaned her.

I kissed her again and said, "So you think we should see if Janet can 
come over?"

"Yes," she said with a big smile.  She threw her arms around my neck.  
"You're gonna love Janet."

"I already do," I said.  A new wave of erotic excitement swept through 
me as we went to the phone.  Two fresh young girls to make love to in 
one night.  I was in heaven.

I played with Kim's pussy as she called Janet and told her everything.  
After a few minutes she hung up and smiled at me. "She's coming," Kim 
said.  "And she can't wait for the three of us to do it."

"Speaking of coming," I said.  "Let's see if I can make you come one 
more time before Janet gets here."

With a tiny squeal, Kim ran across the room and dove onto the bed.  By 
the time I joined her there, she already had her legs spread for me.

Send comments to: rytr33@hotmail.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 54: little-girls-discovery 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 10 Mar 2006 10:06:59 -0800 (PST)
From: August <gst_august@yahoo.com>
Subject: Little Girl's Discovery

Little Girls Discovery
By August


Lisa and Cassie were all of nine years old.  They were best friends.
Cassie was Asian, with long black hair.  Lisa was Caucasian, had blond hair
and wore glasses.

	One night Cassie stayed at Lisa's house.  They watched
t.v. together, wearing just panties and t-shirts.  They were flipping
channels, and came across a movie called "Personal Best."  It had a lot of
lesbian sex and showed naked girls in a steamroom.

	Lisa said, "Cass, would you like to take a shower?"  "You mean
together. Cool!"  They stripped off what little clothes they were wearing
and stepped into the shower.  They both had no hair on their slits, and no
titties.  They made the water really hot.  They really enjoyed looking at
each other's bodies, especially their little asses.

	Cassie said, "I have to pee really bad."  "Oh just do it here."
"Well okay."  She let out her piss stream.  Then Lisa did too, and they
crossed each other.  They both laughed.

	Then Lisa reached over and kissed Cassie.  They started making out,
which neither of them had ever done before.  Then they dried off.

	Lisa said, "Cass, I have a surprise for you. She went into her
sister's room and brought back a small dildo.  "This is called a zildo, or
something.  It belongs to my older sister.  Lay back."  Cassie lay on the
bed and spread her legs.  She inserted it into her little cunnie.  Cassie
cried, "Oh fuck me.  This feels so fuckin' good."  Lisa never heard her
friend talk this way.

	Cassie said, "Oh, let me lick it."  Lisa took it out and stuck it
in her mouth.  Cassie enjoyed the taste of her pussy.  She sucked off a boy
before, and she knew what she was doing.  Then Lisa sucked on it.

	Then they got into a scissor position and rubbed their cunnies
together.  Then they both started to cum, for the first time in their
lives.

	Cassie said, "Lisa, I love you."  Lisa then said, "I love you too
kid."  They kissed, and went to bed, spooning.


If you'd like to comment, ask questions or to get on my mailing list,
including my list of old stories, write to August: gst_august@Yahoo.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 55: little-nikki 
---------------------------------------- 
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Nikki (ff,incest,teen)
Date: 21 Feb 1995 15:52:42 GMT
Date: Sat, 18 Feb 95 17:02:01 EST
Date: Sep 06 '94, 23:15
To: davidson@whale.st.usm.edu
From: The Louvre <louvre@dido.fa.indiana.edu>

#
#           #     #####   #####  #       ######
#           #       #       #    #       #
#           #       #       #    #       #####
#           #       #       #    #       #
#           #       #       #    #       #
#######     #       #       #    ######  ######

#     #
##    #     #    #    #  #    #     #
# #   #     #    #   #   #   #      #
#  #  #     #    ####    ####       #
#   # #     #    #  #    #  #       #
#    ##     #    #   #   #   #      #
#     #     #    #    #  #    #     #

    This story has preteen sex, mentions of incest and lesbian context.
If you do not like these types of stories, do not read this.  I will not
respond to flames, so if you want to flame someone, don't bother with me.
If you like the story, then feel free to e-mail me and tell me what you
liked about it.  Also if you are underage, please exit now.  You have been
warned...
This story is fiction, the characters are fiction.  This is intended for
use as entertainment and nothing else..  Now Enjoy the


#     #   ###   #    #  #    #    ###
##    #    #    #   #   #   #      #
# #   #    #    #  #    #  #       #
#  #  #    #    ###     ###        #
#   # #    #    #  #    #  #       #
#    ##    #    #   #   #   #      #
#     #   ###   #    #  #    #    ###

 #####  ####### ######    ###   #######  #####
#     # #       #     #    #    #       #     #
#       #       #     #    #    #       #
 #####  #####   ######     #    #####    #####
      # #       #   #      #    #             #
#     # #       #    #     #    #       #     #
 #####  ####### #     #   ###   #######  #####




Nikki meets Cathy...




   Nikki's Jumbo jet was unloading its passengers at the New Orleans
Airport.  She was glad to get off the jet and enter New Orleans.  She had been
traveling for over 16 hours.
    Nikki was a 13 year old Russian student who had been choosen to enter the
Russian-American Student exchange program.  This was her first time out of
her country.  She was excited to see New Orleans  and what it had to
offer her.
    Nikki departed the plane and headed to the passport counter.  She
noticed the line was long.  She hoped she would not have to wait a very
long time to check herself into New Orleans.  She hated standing in lines.
That was all that she seemed to do in her native country. There was always
a line for everything.
    About 15 minutes she reached the counter.  She handed her passport to
a passport checker.  "Are you here for business or pleasure,"  she asked?
    "I am here to study," Nikki replied in a heavy Russian Accent.  Nikki
gave the checker her passport.  The checker looked at the photo and papers and
stamped them.
    "Enjoy your stay here," she told Nikki. "Enter the red door.  That
will take you to the terminal."
    As she entered the concourse, she looked for a representative of the
exchange program.  The workers in Russia had told her that thee would be
somebody waiting for her to take her to the office of the company that ran
the exchange program.  Then they were to take her to a family that agreed
to have Nikki live with them.
    "Are you Nikki," asked a lady in a black dress.
    "Yes, I am Nikki"
    "Good. I am so glad I found you. Come with me and we will go to the
main office," the lady said.  "My name is Marge Adams.  I am assigned to
you to help you with anything you need.  After the office we will go to
your exchange parents.  You should like them,  They have a daughter about
your age.  Their family name is Douglas."
    "I need to go pick up my luggage," Nikki replied.  "They told me in the
plane that it would be at the pick-up area."
     "I will show you where that is," Mrs. Adams said taking Nikki by the
hand.  They went to pick up Nikki's Luggage.  Then Mrs. Adams showed Nikki
to the company's car and they drove to the office.
     At the office Mrs. Adams gave Nikki some paperwork she had to sign.
"Just read over everything.  Then sign your name.  These are just rules
that each exchange student must follow."  The paperwork took only ten
minutes and then they were on their way to Nikki's exchange family's home.
   On the way , Nikki was surprised to see all the fancy houses on the
street.  Each house was built in bricks and had a huge yard.  Back in her
country she knew of no one that lived in such nice buildings.
   Finally they arrived at the Douglas's.  A lady came out of the house as
they were driving up.  She was followed by a man and a young girl. As Nikki
and Mrs. Adams were exiting the car, the lady came up to Mrs. Adams and
said "I was wondering if you were going to ever get here.  I suppose this
is Nikki."  Mrs. Adams noded her head.  "I am Toni Douglas." she continued
looking at Nikki.  Then she pointed to the man and the little girl, "And
this is my husband Mathew Douglas and my daughter Cathy."
    "Well, I need to be going," said Mrs. Adams.  "If Mr. Douglas can
help  Nikki with her luggage, she can move in."
    "She will be staying in Cathy's room," replied Mathew.  Mrs. Adams
opened the trunk and Mr. and Mrs. Douglas help Nikki with her things while
Cathy followed.  Mrs. Adams then drove off to return back to the office.
     They all moved Nikki's things to Cathy's room.  Nikki looked at the
room in awe.  It was a beautiful room with two huge beds.  There was a
fancy dresser with a mirror attached.  The whole room was decorated in a
pink flower designed wall paper.  And the room connected to a bathroom.
     "This is very nice," Nikki replied.  "My family back home does not have
nice rooms like this.  Most people live in small apartments.  I am very
lucky to have been picked as a representative of my country to come here
to study."
     "Well, Thank you very much," said Mrs Douglas.  "I am glad you like
our home.  You can put all your things in the dresser.  Cathy will show
you where to put your things.  In about an hour we will have dinner."
With that, Mr. and Mrs. Douglas left the room.
     "I am glad that we have you here to live with us Nikki," said Cathy,
who had been silent all this time.  "You will be going to the same school I
will be attending.  School will start in a week.  I will show you around
the area and introduce you to some friends."
     "Thank you for your kindness," said Nikki.  "I am greatful.  Where
should I put my things."
     Cathy opened up some drawers in the dresser and opened up a closet
that was empty.  "You can put all your things in here.  I hope this will be
enough space."
     With that the two girls put up Nikki's things.  Cathy told her about
the school they would be attending.  Nikki asked questions about the people
she would encounter.  Cathy told her about the teachers and kids at
school.  An hour later Cathy's mother called them for dinner.

     Around 10:00 that night Nikki and Cathy went to bed.  Nikki wore a
white nightgown to bed.  To her surprise, Cathy wore nothing.  "Why do you
not wear night clothes to bed," asked Nikki.
     "Because I like to sleep naked," answered Cathy.  "Its the way my Mom
sleeps.  She says my dad liked her to sleep that way so he can enjoy her
body.   I do it in case my dad wants to come in here and enjoy mine.  He
comes in here about once a week to do things to me."
     "Things like what," asked Nikki.
      Cathy took Nikki by the hand and took her to Nikki's bed.  "Its easier
if I show you some of the things he does to me.  Lay on the bed and I will
show you."
      Nikki got in bed while Cathy opened one of the dresser drawers.  She
took out a vibrator.  Cathy walked back to Nikki and gave her the vibrator.
Then Cathy laid opposite to Nikki, with Cathys pee hole facing Nikki.
      "See that dial on the vibrator.  Turn it and then stick it here,"
Cathy told Nikki, pointing to her own pussy.
      Nikki turned the dial.  Nikki heard the thing in her hand make a
humming noise.  It vibrated in her hand.  She then took the vibrator and
put it on Cathy's pussy.  "Is that where you want it?" asked Nikki.
     "Thats perrrrrfect Nikki.  That feels wonderful.  Move it around a
little bit.  Rub it all over between my legs."
     "That feels good," asked Nikki.  "Why???"
      "It makes my whole body tingle.  It feels sooooo good.  After a
while I will use it on you if you want."
      Nikki continued to rub the vibrator around Cathy's pussy.  Cathy
started to moan in pleasure.  Cathy was rubbing her small mounds on her
chest.  Soon Cathy was moving her hips back and forth in a crazy motion.
     "It feels sooo good," Cathy moaned.  "Now let me have the vibrator."
Cathy took the vibrator out of Nikki's hand.  Then Cathy did something with
it That shocked Nikki.  Cathy took the vibrator and put it inside her.
     "How did you do that," Nikki asked in wonder.
     "I just stuck it in my hole that I have.  You should have one also.
I will try to help you find it if you want.  Now take the vibrator back
in your hand and push it in and out of me."  Nikki did as she was instructed.
      Soon, Cathy started to moan louder. "Ohhhhhhhhhh it feels sooooooo
good... Keep doing it till I come.. Keep pushing it in and out of my...
Fuck me with the vibrator...  Ohhhhhhhhh  Keep going... I am almost ready to
come... Push it deep in my pussy."  Nikki pushed it a far as it would go.
"Ohhhhh my god you are so good at this Nikki.. "  Soon Cathy hit her orgasm
and Nikki pulled the vibrator out.  Cathy took the vibrator and turned it
off.  She then placed it on the night stand.
      "Would you do that to me," asked Nikki.
      "You sure you want to try," asked Cathy.
      "Yes.  It looked like you were having so much fun... I would love to
try it."
      "Get undressed then," Cathy said. "Then lay down and I will eat you
out."
      Nikki took off her nightgown, panties and bra.  She then laid down.
Cathy then took her head and stuck it between her new lovers pussy.  Cathy
licked Nikki's pussy. First the licks were slow, but as Nikki increased in
wetness, Cathy licked harder.  Soon Nikki felt a small tingle in her body.
It grew to a funny type feeling.  "That feels so good...  I like that,"
said Nikki.
      Cathy rose up from Nikki's legs.  She grab the vibrator from the
night stand and placed it on Nikki's pussy lips.  She then turned in on and
started to rub where Nikki would enjoy it the most.  Soon Nikki was as wet
as Cathy once was.  Nikki just laid on the bed and enjoyed the feeling.
      After a couple of minutes, Cathy took the vibrator and started to
place it inside of Nikki.  Nikki felt a slight pain and heard a funny noise.
"What just happened," Nikki asked.
      "I think your cherry just broke," replied Cathy.  "Its natural for
that to happen on your first time.  I know it hurts right now, but let me
keep doing it to you and soon you will feel nothing but pleasure."
      Nikki let Cathy continue.  And soon she was feeling really nice.  She
could feel the vibrator inside her shaking away.  She thought she could
feel it all the way in her stomach.  "Ohhhhhhh that feels nice Cathy.  It
feels so wonderful.  I feel like something is about to happen."
      "Its called an orgasm.  It will really feel wonderful when that
happens.  Just let it happen."
       Soon Nikki was feeling the orgasm hit.  She screamed in pain and
pleasure.  It hurt but felt so good.  The feeling lasted about five
minutes then it subsided.
      "Now was that wonderful or what," asked Cathy.  Cathy then put her
face near Nikki's and gave her a kiss on the lips.  "Open your mouth a
little so I can put my tongue in your mouth."  The two young girls then
laid on the bed and kissed.
      After about five minutes of tonguing Nikki, Sherry said, "I think we
should get some sleep."
      Nikki looked at her bed and saw that there was blood on the sheets.
"Where did that come from," asked Nikki.
      "That blood is from you.  It came out of your pussy when you broke
your cherry.  Don't worry about it though.  The same thing happened to me
when my cherry was busted. You can sleep in my bed tonight.  Then my
mother will wash the sheets for you tomorrow."
       With that the two girls hoped in Cathy's bed.  Nikki did not put on
her sleeping clothes, instead she slept like her new friend.  Cathy
snuggled close to Nikki and held Nikki in he arms.  Then they both fell into
a deep sleep.


#     #   ###   #    #  #    #    ###
##    #    #    #   #   #   #      #
# #   #    #    #  #    #  #       #
#  #  #    #    ###     ###        #
#   # #    #    #  #    #  #       #
#    ##    #    #   #   #   #      #
#     #   ###   #    #  #    #    ###

 #####  ####### ######    ###   #######  #####
#     # #       #     #    #    #       #     #
#       #       #     #    #    #       #
 #####  #####   ######     #    #####    #####
      # #       #   #      #    #             #
#     # #       #    #     #    #       #     #
 #####  ####### #     #   ###   #######  #####

    The next day Cathy woke up with Nikki still in her arms.  Cathy took
her hand and ran it through Nikki's short  brown hair.  Cathy then kissed
Nikki on the cheek.  The kiss woke up Nikki.
    "Good morning Nikki," Cathy said as she looked in Nikki's eyes.  "How
are you?"
    "OK," said Nikki.  "I want to thank you for last night.  That felt so
good."
    "No need to thank me.  I need to thank you," replied Cathy.  "You were
great.  You were better then most guys I know and much better then any
girl that I have ever made love to."
     At that moment, Cathy's mother knocked on the door.  "May I come in?"
     "Come on in, " invited Cathy.  "We are just in here talking."
      Mrs. Douglas entered the room.  She saw the two nude girls
on top of the covers in Cathy's bed.  She looked over to the table and saw
Cathy's  vibrator.  She then knew what the two girls had been up to last
night.
      "Can you wash the sheets on Nikki's bed," asked Cathy. "The sheets
got dirty while I was using my vibrator on Nikki last night."
      Mrs. Douglas nodded.  She took the sheets off the bed.  Then she
asked "What plans have you made for today?"
     "I was planning to take Nikki around the park and watch the artist
paint," Cathy said.  "Then I was planning to go to Shannons house down the
street and visit her.  That is if Nikki wants to."
      "That sounds good to me," replied Nikki.  "I would very much like to
meet people."
      Mrs. Douglas took the sheets off the bed.  She then looked at
Nikki's nakedness.  Nikki had a nice body for a thirteen year old, Mrs.
Douglas thought.   She also noticed that Nikki less brown pubic hair,
then her daughter's blond hair.  Nikki's chest was also a bit smaller then
Cathy's.  All in all though, Nikki was very attractive.
      The two young girls got up off the bed and dressed.  Nikki noticed
that Cathy did not wear any underclothes.  So being like her new friend,
Nikki decided to follow Cathy's ways.  Nikki picked out a plain dress from
her closet.  She put it on and looked in the mirror.
      "You need to wear something of mine. That dress does nothing for
you," Cathy exclaimed.  "Let me pick you out something to wear."  Cathy
went to her dresser and picked out some tight purple shorts.  Then she
took a tank top from her closet.  "Here, try these on.  It should make
you look a little better."
      Nikki took off her dress and put on the shorts and tank top.  Cathy
looked at her and stated "There, that is better.  Now lets go to the
bathroom and put on some make-up."  Cathy took her to the bathroom and
helped Nikki fix her face.
     Cathy took out a box of pills from the medicine cabinet.  She took a
pill out and chased it down with some water.  "What medicine is that,"
Nikki asked.
     "Its called a birth control pill.  I take it so I won't get pregnant
when I have sex with a man, like my daddy," answered Cathy. "You
will need some if you are living with us.  I will ask my mother to take you
to the health clinic and see if you can get some."
      The two girls finished putting their make-up on.  Then they went
outside to enjoy the sunny day at the park.

    Later that evening, Cathy and Nikki arrived home from Shannons house.
It was close to dinner time, so they went to the bathroom to wash up.
During dinner, Cathy and Nikki told Mr. and Mrs. Douglas the things they
saw at the park, such as the artist and tourist.  Nikki claimed she had been
amazed by it all.
    After  dinner Nikki and Cathy went to their bedroom.  They sat on the
bed and watched TV.  Nikki was surprised at all the channels that they
could watch.  There seemed to a channel for everything.  Nikki told Cathy
that in Russia you could only receive three channels.
    About an hour into watching a movie they both decided on, Mr. Douglas
knocked on the door.  "Is it all right if I come in?"
    "Sure Daddy," Cathy answered.  "We were just sitting here watching TV."
     Cathy's dad entered the room.  "Would you mind if I join you in bed
tonight Cathy?  Your mother is going to go visit your grandmother and
spend the night there.  I am feeling kind of horny."
     "Sure.  Nikki can join us.  It should be fun," Cathy said passionately.
"Would you like to join us Nikki?"
     "Will it be like last night," asked Nikki.
     "It will be even better. My daddy knows how to make a little girls
love nest feel good," claimed Cathy.
      "OK, sounds like fun," stated Nikki.
      "Leave us alone for about fifteen minutes Daddy," Cathy said.  "I
will get Nikki in one of my teddies.  Then we can have some fun."
      Mr. Douglass left the room while Cathy went to her dresser.  "What
color do you like the better, black or pink," Cathy asked.
     "I like pink,' answered Nikki.
     Cathy pulled a pink teddy from her dresser.  "Get undressed and I
will help put this on you."
     Nikki took off her shorts and tank top.  Cathy showed her how to put
the pink teddy on.  When Nikki had the sexy outfit on, Cathy stood back
and admired Nikki.  "That teddy looks good on you," Cathy told Nikki.
Then Cathy gave Nikki a deep kiss.  "I hope you will enjoy tonight as much
as you enjoyed last night."
      Cathy then got undressed.  She put the black teddy on herself.  Then
she took Nikki by the hand and they went to the mirror.  "If we don't look
like a pair of beautiful young ladies ready to fuck," Cathy said.
      Nikki agreed.  She had seen ladies dress up in sexy clothing in
magazines her daddy bought from the black market.  Nikki had always wanted
to dress in sexy clothing.  Now she had her wish.
      Cathy went to the door and yelled for her dad.  "We are ready for you
daddy.  I think you will be very pleased with the way we look."
     Cathy's daddy entered the room.  He looked at the two sexy teens and
let out a whistle.  "I have never seen two young ladies look so sexy.  I
can feel my cock getting hard just by looking at you."  And sure enough,
the two girls saw the man's bulge in his pants.
     Cathy and Nikki both hoped on the bed.  Cathy told Nikki to lay down
on the bed spread eagle so she could eat her out.  Cathy then took Nikki's
pink panties off.  Then she placed herself on all fours with her face
buried in Nikki's love nest.
     Cathy's father undressed.  He then joined the two teenage girls on
the bed.  He placed himself behind his daughter.  He took his daughters
panties off.   He then took his hard manhood and placed it around the lips
of his daughter's pink pussy.
     Nikki started to moan.  She was feeling so good.  "Lick me all over
down there Cathy.  It feels so good.  I enjoy what you are doing."
     Cathy could taste the love juices that were flowing out of her
Russian lovers pussy.  It tasted so wonderful and sweet.  She could never
remember another girls pussy she liked eating out more.  She started to
moan from the pleasure she was giving Nikki and the pleasure her father
was giving her.
     Cathy's father dick was still rubbing her pussy up and down.  Mr.
Douglas always enjoyed fucking his daughter.  He enjoyed it more then
fucking his wife, but he never told his wife that.  He liked to put his
cock in his daughter's teenage cunt because it was so tight.  He then
proceeded to enter Cathy's pussy.
     Cathy's tongue started to lick Nikki's pussy at an increased rate.
Cathy could feel the cock enter her.  It always hurt at first, but then it
would feel wonderful.  She could feel his cock as if it was poking her in
the stomach.  She let out a small moan of passion.
     Nikki started to really enjoy the attention Cathy was giving her.
Nikki pushed Cathy's face deep on her nest.  She wanted Cathy lips all
around her horny pussy.  Nikki could feel the electric feeling she felt
the night before.  Soon her orgasm hit her like an earthquake.  Nikki shook
all over.
     Cathy's father was sticking his cock in his daughter as far as it
would go.  Cathy rose her head from Nikki's love nest and yelled "I AM
GOING TO COME!!  HURRY DADDY, FILL ME UP WITH YOUR JUICES OF LOVE!!!"
    Mr. Douglas granted his daughter's wishes.  He soon filled her up with
his incest cum.  Cathy could feel it enter her tunnel.  It felt so good.
    Mr. Douglas rose from the bed.  "Thank you Cathy.  That was nice.  You
always wear me out."
    "Will you do to me what you did to Cathy," asked Nikki.
    "She is not on the pill yet daddy." said Cathy.  "You need to get a
rubber."
     "I do not know if I can have sex again.  My cock is very limp from
Cathy's pussy," replied Mr. Douglas.  "But I might be able to get it hard
again if I watch Cathy eat you out Nikki.  But first, let me go get a
rubber so we won't have any  problems."  With that Mr. Douglas
went to his bedroom to get the protection.
      Cathy put her face in Nikki's bush.  She started to lick Nikki's
love muscle again.  Nikki responded in a passionate moan, "Oh that feels
good, Cathy.  Lick it harder."
      Cathys father returned to the room.  He sat on the edge of the bed
and watched his young daughter eat out the Russian girl.  He could hear
the breathing from Nikki grow in sound.  After watching Cathy and Nikki
go at it for about five minutes, Mr. Douglas felt his manhood grow again.
He put the rubber on his cock and got on the bed.
     "Get up from Nikki's pussy, Cathy," he replied. "Its time for me
to mount this Russian girl's pussy."
      Cathy got up and sat on the edge of the bed while her father's cock
replaced her tongue in Nikki's pussy.  Mr. Douglas entered Nikki's pussy
instantly.  Nikki let out a scram in pain.  It hurt her like she had never
been hurt before.  But it also felt good.
      Cathy sat on Nikki's face. Nikki started to lick her lovers pussy as
best as she could.  Nikki stuck her tongue up Cathy's hole deep.  Nikki
could taste Cathy's juices as well as the sperm that Mr. Douglas had
deposited in Cathy's pussy.  It was nasty tasting, but Nikki took it all in.
      Mr. Douglas was cramming his cock deep in Nikki's hole.  It felt so
nice and tight in her.  He could feel her walls of her pussy grab his
cock.  He let out a moan of pleasure.  After about five minutes he could
stand it no longer.  He had a massive orgasm.
      Nikki screamed "Deeper... Oh its feels so good.  Put it deeper.. I
think I am going to come.. Oh thats it..... It fells so wonderful... Oh, I
never have felt this good in my life."
      Mr. Douglas withdrew his cock.  He took the rubber off his
cock and threw the rubber in the trash can by the bed.  He gave both girls
a passionate kiss.
      Everyone was pretty much tired after the love session.  Mr.
Douglas laid on the bed and held his daughter in his arms.  Cathy and
Nikki laid down holding each other.  Cathy gave Nikki a kiss on the lips
and said "Good night Nikki."  With that everyone fell asleep...


This story will be continued...



_________________________________________________________________________
|                 ####   #    #    ##    ######  #    #                 |
|                #       ##   #   #  #   #       #    #                 |
|                 ####   # #  #  #    #  #####   #    #                 |
|                     #  #  # #  ######  #       #    #                 |
|                #    #  #   ##  #    #  #       #    #                 |
|                 ####   #    #  #    #  #        #####                 |
|_______________________________________________________________________|
|                          Its a snafu thing,                           |
|                   you wouldn't want to understand                     |
|                      davidson@whale.st.usm.edu                        |
|_______________________________________________________________________|
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 56: liz-and-gwen 
---------------------------------------- 
Message-ID: <215338Z28091994@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an126681@anon.penet.fi (K. T. Mirius)
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.stories
Organization: Anonymous contact service
Reply-To: an126681@anon.penet.fi
Date: Wed, 28 Sep 1994 21:52:35 UTC
Subject: Liz & Gwen [1/1] ff teen
Lines: 207


Liz and Gwen [part 1 of 1 parts] lesbian teen consensual sex story


ATTENTION:  THE FOLLOWING STORY CONTAINS ACTS OF LESBIAN ORAL SEX, MUTUAL
MASTURBATION, AND AUTOEROTIC ORAL-VAGINAL SEX, ALL INVOLVING UNDERAGE
FEMALES.  IF THIS OFFENDS YOU OR YOU RESIDE IN A NATION WHEREIN SUCH TEXT IS
ILLEGAL, DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS STORY


















Liz and Gwen
~~~ ~~~ ~~~~
by K. T. Mirius
Copyright 1994 by The KTM Triangle

an erotic story
of two young lovers
rejoicing in their femininity


"Gwen, oh, Gwendolyn my love, mmm lusty little mmm..." Liz moaned, about to
slip into her third orgasm of the night.  Her pale, well-shaped body began
to writhe as the ripples of pleasure became a strong undertow, pulling her
into a long-awaited climax.

Gwen grinned; secretly she loved the little thrill of power she got from
being able to make her friend moan and squirm.  Again she ran her finger
between Liz's labia, flicking it softly at her clitoris.  She bent down and
kissed Liz's bare mound, then ran her tongue down and between her soft
labia.

Liz let out a soft squeal, pressing her pussy into Gwen's mouth.  Gwen
licked away eagerly, savoring the sweet, erotic taste of her friend's love
nectar.  Liz thrashed about in wave after wave of hot orgasm, Gwen holding
on tight to her legs and lapping up the sex fluid.  Liz felt herself soaring
upwards on a blast of ecstasy, wrapping her silky legs around Gwen's arms,
higher and higher as the electric pulses of heat from her clitoris filled
her body with pleasure.

Finally she sank back into reality, warm and sweaty, with a grin on her
face.  "Mmm...Gwen, that was *wonderful*."  Gwen turned to embrace Liz.  
They kissed deeply, their tongues and legs entwining, sharing their love,
bodies communicating a sense of urgent eternity.

Their lips parted.  Liz grinned and said, "I guess it's your turn."  Gwen
nodded, with a sexy smile, and slid her lightly tanned, satiny-smooth self
up Liz's body, coming to rest with her legs on either side of Liz's head. 
She lay down on top of Liz, licking the last of the orgasmic juices from the
edges of Liz's pussy.

Liz leaned up and kissed Gwen's brown-furred outer lips.  They were already
wet with the dark-haired girl's musky liquid.  Liz lightly touched the top
of Gwen's slit with a finger, then slid it inside.  Gwen gave a long,
pleasure-filled sigh.  "Feels good, Gwen?" Liz asked.

"Yeah..." Gwen said, relaxing.  She lightly pinched one of Liz's nipples,
evoking a surprised "Eep!" from Liz.

"Gwen!  Just relax...I'll take care of it now."  Liz leaned towards Gwen's
fuzzy pussy, smelling the warm, sweet scent.  She rubbed her cheek, catlike,
against the soft, moist fur of Gwen's labia, letting the slippery, warm
juices run down her face and into her mouth.  Liz licked her lips.  "Gwen...
I will never get over how great you taste!"

"Thanks..." murmured Gwen.  "Now shut up and eat me out, silly little slut,"
she joked.  They never did any serious dominance-and-submission things --
their parents would be sure to remark about any abrasions or marks from
straps or chains or beatings -- but they liked to play at it once in a
while.

Liz always liked to start slowly -- she softly kissed Gwen's fuzzy brown-
haired mound, reached up and scratched lightly at it, then settled her
fingers into a slow, rhythmic massage on the soft, furred pillow of love. 
She stroked through the silky hair, slowly working her fingers down the
sides of Gwen's pussy and onto her wet labia.  She parted the cushiony lips,
reaching in to rub their insides.  Slowly, she slid a single finger down the
tight, wet tunnel of Gwen's young vagina.

Gwen gave a long, drawn-out sigh of pleasure.  "Mmm, Liz...wonderful..."
Liz slowly pulled the finger out, then pushed it back in again.  Holding
Gwen's labia open, Liz kissed right between them, then began to slide her
tongue alongside her finger within Gwen.

As she withdrew her finger from Gwen's vagina, Liz pressed her mouth tight
against Gwen's pussy.  Hearing Gwen gasp with sudden pleasure, Liz held
herself tightly to her lover, thrusting her tongue deep, deep within Gwen's
young, sweet womanhood.  Pausing only occasionally to breathe, Liz licked up
and down, now pushing her tongue down Gwen's tight sex-tunnel, now flicking
it lightly over her clitoris.

With a yowl of pleasure, Gwen climaxed, her wet, furry pussy flooding Liz's
face with sweet orgasm-nectar.  Liz slurped it up, still licking at her
thrashing lover's clit.  Gwen's body shook and heaved with the roaring tides
of pleasure coursing from her sex-button.  Finally, she relaxed, a few
spasmatic waves still shaking her as Liz slowed and stopped her
ministrations.

"Mmm...Liz, how do you do it?" Gwen asked.  "You...you're not just a great
lover...mmm...you're an artist of cunnilingus!"  Both of them laughed.

"You really want to know?" Liz responded.

"Of course!"

"Well, watch this!"  Liz rolled over onto her back, arched, and flung her
legs over her head.  She was twisted around into a C shape -- her upper back
and shoulders touching the bed, her hips over her face, and her legs
trailing out behind.  Grabbing her buttocks with her hands, she grunted and
pulled her pussy into licking range.  "I...mmf...practice on myself!  Duck!"
With that warning she spread her legs wide to both sides and began
frenetically licking her own clit.

Gwen looked on in amazement.  She had heard of such things being possible --
for very flexible boys with incredibly long dicks!  "You have got to teach
me how to do that!" she exclaimed.  But Liz was already far gone -- her face
well embedded into her wide-open labia, sucking urgently on her own clit.  
In a few seconds, Liz began to roll and thrash madly, only her tight grip on 
her own ass keeping her from springing open like a broken clock.

Excited all over again by Liz's demonstration of flexibility, Gwen already
had her fingers in her pussy.  But Liz tugged on her arm and said, "I've got
a new idea."  Gwen eagerly followed as Liz got up from the bed and led her
out of the room and down two flights of stairs.

"Where are we going?" Gwen inquired.  

Liz grinned.  "The hot tub."  One thing they hadn't done before, although
both had suggested it.  Now that both sets of parents were on the other side
of state lines, they had a chance.  Liz unlatched the sliding glass door
leading to the indoor pool area and walked over to the control box.

Gwen looked around her.  She was always impressed by the sheer luxury of
Liz's family's house.  It's not a *house*, she thought ... it's a *manor*. 
The pool area featured a small swimming pool (small compared to the larger-
than-Olympic one in town, and heated, unlike the one in town), a sauna room,
and a spiffed-up hot tub whose controls Signor Jacuzzi would gasp at.

The control box for the hot tub was old -- early '80s design -- but still
impressive; it looked like something out of Dr. Frankenstein's lab.  It was
a radio remote about the size of a shoebox, with an oscilloscope screen,
several rows of small switches (all accurately labeled in tiny print), five
regular knobs, two vernier knobs, and a warning label.  "CAUTION," it warned
in large letters.  "DO NOT LEAVE TUB ON HIGH HEATS OR AGITATIONS FOR LONG
PERIODS OF TIME -- MAY DAMAGE APPARATUS OR USER."  That was Liz's father's
wry sense of engineering humor.

Gwen peered at the controls.  "That's supposed to be kinky?  Looks like
something my electronics teacher would think up!"  Liz just smiled and
covered the labels on the switches with a hand.  They walked over to the
tub and slid in.  The water wasn't even hot -- it was actually rather cool. 
Gwen gave a puzzled look.  Liz flipped a tiny switch and, deep beneath them,
machinery began to rumble.  The water began to move and warm up as the jets
kicked in.  "Liz, this had better be good," Gwen warned.  "Remember what
happened with the vibrator you modified?"  (It had given Gwen a rather
uncomfortable itch in the love hole for a week, and she had `gone on strike'
for a week thereafter.)  Liz grimaced at the reminder.  While she hadn't
gotten unbearably horny, that week did give her a nasty crick in the back.

Liz flicked another switch and the oscilloscope came to life.  A circle
materialized on the screen.  Slowly she turned a vernier up -- and the tub
became a roiling mass of whitewater, paralleled by the fuzzy blur on the
screen.  With a slight tweak of the other vernier knob, the blur resolved to
a pulsating donut shape, and a comforting thrumming filled the room.  "Got
it!" Liz exclaimed.

Something felt very strange to Gwen.  Suddenly she felt a rush of lusty
energy, and she lunged across the tub toward Liz.  Liz quickly turned the
apparatus loose and succumbed to Gwen's grasp.  Liz giggled as Gwen pulled
her into a deep, erotic kiss.  The giggle turned into a moan of pleasure as
Gwen reached beneath the rushing waters to stroke Liz's smooth, slippery
female parts.

As their mouths separated, Liz commented, "It worked."  Gwen gave a look of
puzzlement, but didn't really care what `it' was ... she was having fun!  



If you liked it, email me at an126681@anon.penet.fi and tell me why.  If you
didn't like it, tell me why not.  Suggestions for continuing the story are
welcome; feel free to take the idea and characters and produce a sequel, as
long as you give me and The KTM Triangle credit for the original.


<>< Kether T. Mirius <> an126681@anon.penet.fi <> Perverted and Proud! ><>
<><> This address is being used by at least three of my personalities <><>
<>< Free the Net! - Power to the People! - Kick Out The JAMs! - Fnord! ><> 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 57: love-angela 
---------------------------------------- 
Message-ID: <101705Z01111995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an426586@anon.penet.fi
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.stories
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Reply-To: an426586@anon.penet.fi
Date: Wed,  1 Nov 1995 10:12:06 UTC
Subject: Love, Angela (ff, masterbation)
Lines: 120


Dear Denise,
	The last time we spoke, you asked me about my first experience 
with another woman.  To answer your question, no- it wasn't planned.  
Really the first time, I was very young.  As I grew up I tried to keep 
thoughts of my first, buried under a torrent of fantasies about boys. 
	Don't get me wrong.  I liked, and still do like sex with men.  
However, I have come to realize that sex with another woman can fulfill 
me in ways that sex with a man cannot.
	Women are far more gentle, and yet more passionate than men.  
Men generally have animal passion all the time.  But animal passion can 
wear on you, and be over far too soon.  When a woman becomes passionate, 
it is more special, more personal than with a man.  With men, it often 
seems that they might as well be having sex with themselves.  I have had 
sensitive male lovers, but they are the exception, rather than the rule.

My first experience with another female was when I was 13 years old.  My 
friend Jennifer and I were very close.  We had gone through the first 
ravages of puberty together.  We watched ourselves and each other as our 
bodies were transformed from slim, almost boyish forms-- to a more 
awkward, almost lanky body.  Which was at times embarrasing, and yet at 
other times wonderful.  
	I watched Jennifer as her chest was transformed from flat and 
small nipples to small mounds with larger brown nipples.  We confided in 
each other about our first period -- the excitement, the fear, the mess.  
I watched my own vulva as it grew downy fuzz along the slit, and up 
toward my stomach.  God did it itch!
	We shared our new bodies with each other.  I can recall Jennifer 
showing me her fuzzy pubic hair.  Our bodies were new worlds to explore, 
and we were partners in that exploration.  It was not long after that we 
became aware of each other's sexuality.
	My first experience with masterbation took place at this time as 
well.  I found that touches and strokes to my body produced unusual 
sensations.  I remember my first orgasm well.  I was in my room late at 
night in bed.  I had been touching my vulva, stroking my pubic hair.  I 
was aware of my clitoris previous to this, but this time it almost begged 
for my attention.  As I nudged it with my thumb it swelled and sent 
shocks of electricity into my limbs.
	I shook with excitement as I felt a now familiar dampness seeping 
from my vagina.  As I caressed the folds of my labia, I felt pleasure in 
warm waves.  Finally, there was an urgency, a threshold of pleasure that 
had stopped me previously.  At this point, safe and alone in my room, I 
began to cross that threshold. 
	As I continued to stroke my clitoris, contractions began in my 
lower stomach and groin.  They rapidly began to build up, until I feared 
that I might burst.  I was afraid that I would wet myself due to the 
pressure building in my crotch.  Finally, I abandoned myself to the 
pleasure, and my groin pulsed with exctacy.  Later, as I lingered in my 
wetness, I realized that a bridge had been crossed-- a bridge into adult 
life.

I shared my experience with Jennifer.  She was intrigued, as she had 
never climaxed before.  We were both curious as to the physical nature of 
sex.  We had heard about it, whispered by boys in the school yard.  We 
were aware of references to "fuck", "cocksuck" and "69", but we didn't 
have a clue as to what these words meant.  I vaguely recall thinking that 
a man inserted his penis into a woman's vagina, and peed, thus creating a 
baby.  I don't suppose I understood why people had sex until I started 
experimenting with my own body.  It was then that I understood, and 
wanted to find out more.  
	It happened that Jennifer's father had a collection of 
pornography ranging from magazines to videotapes.  We began to look at 
these when her parents were away.  The pictures of nude women fascinated 
me.  I gazed longingly at the women, with their large breasts and hairy 
vaginas.  I wondered if I would ever reach that state (Trust me, I did). 
	When we watched the videotapes, we were fascinated by the 
mechanics of sex.  We were turned on, but I don't think either of us knew 
why.  We were shocked to see just how big a penis could get.  It was even 
more shocking to see that penis entering a woman through a small hole.  
We watched as the man pushed his way into the woman, while on top of her, 
beside her, behind her, and with her sliding onto him from above.  
	When Jennifer began to touch herself during the film, I watched 
her hands creep under her shirt and down her pants, to play with her 
fuzzy privates.  Her face grew flushed as she caressed herself, her eyes 
upon the couple engaged in a rear entry position.  I could almost see her 
passion build as she stroked faster, and deeper into herself.  
	It was then that two women in the movie began to have sex.  We had 
never heard of such a thing!  We watched closely as a woman buried her 
face into another woman's vagina.  We saw the woman moan with pleasure.  
	Finally, Jennifer lost all control and pulled down her pants and 
panties, to push her hand against her wet mound.  I watched, and I admit 
that I too had put my hands down my pants to feel my own dampness.  She 
moaned and squirmed as she felt the buildup of her first orgasm.  She 
asked for my help because "I had done this before".  I obliged...
	I sat down next to her, and started playing with her vagina.  She 
removed her hands from herself, and let me work on her.  She had her eyes 
closed as I examined her little mound.  It was red and wet.  Fluid was 
already seeping through her opening.  I saw her clitoris peeking through 
the folds of her slit.  I put my finger against her clit and began to 
move it.  
	She moaned as a moved my finger.  She played with her nipples as 
I moved my hand more.  She glanced over at the television, where the two 
women were still at it.  She asked me to "do that".  I was a little 
worried.  I could smell her cum, musky and heavy.  I wondered what it 
would taste like.  But I bent down and touched my tounge against her clit 
softly.  The taste was remarkably sweet.  I decided that It wasn't so 
bad.  I began to lick at it, as I would an ice cream cone.  She moaned 
loudly and her pelvis pushed forward as she came for the first time...

	I think it was then that I first began to be turned on by other 
women.  The sight of seeing Jennifer, her legs spread wide, her fingers 
wet with cum, her face as I licked her clitoris, still remains with me today.

	Soon after, Jennifer and I parted ways.  I think it was because 
everytime she saw me, she felt ashamed of what we had done.  Everytime I 
passed her in the hallway, she avoided my eyes.  Perhaps she was 
remembering that afternoon at her parent's house. 

At any rate, Denise, that was my first experience.  My next experience 
was with a boy.  But that is another story...

Love,
Angela


--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 58: lucy-and-gina 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 09 Nov 2005 12:24:53 +0200
From: CHRISTY MARS <hopladamos@hotmail.com>
Subject: LUCY AND GINA

	Lucy never liked the company of anyone who was at the same, or close, age
with her. She always felt good and secure when she had the company of
younger kids, especially...girls. Boys always drove her mad with their gross
and arrogant behavior .She wanted to be the leader of the "gang" but the
boys would never let her. Under no circumstances would she ever yield her
leadership to the boys, but when things are going down to brute force
then...you know what follows.

	So she had to stay away and restrict herself to the company of much younger
children; not that she didn't like it. She enjoyed so much being there
,helping and looking after the youngest, making sure that everything worked
well and all of them were treated equally and with respect.

Of course there was another reason for doing so. She couldn't understand why
her panties was always wet while she was there and why she felt that curious
feeling; a tickling and sweet warmth inside her crotch. Her senses and
heartbeat went wild every time she looked at the white panties of the little
girls who played innocently, exposing their little bums carelessly. Only God
knew how much she loved that feeling. Without knowing exactly why this was
happening and without thinking she would instinctively close her thighs
firmly and rub them together. The temperature would rise between them and
her juices would start to flow. Her nipples would harden like rocks and the
rubbing of her thighs would go frenzy. At the end, her orgasm would flow
within her whole essence and finally explode in a multitude of colors.

Lucy at her 16 was simply stunning. Standing 5'6" tall with beautiful light
blonde hair (shoulder-length), hazel eyes and slim athletic figure, was the
dream of every man (and woman). Her 30a breasts stood up like twin space
rockets, while her nipples had that magnificent pale color reminiscent of
pink flamingos. There was also a halo of golden hair surrounding her labia
which gave her pussy an air of divinity.

Gina was the new kid in the block. She had just arrived at Lucy's
neighborhood along with her family, owing to a promotion that her dad had
acquired working as a salesman. She was only 10 years old, 4'5" tall, slim,
with dark brown hair (down to her waist) and sexy dark eyes. Her breasts
were just budding and her nipples were dark brown, while her mound was
totally hairless. Gina had a tendency to show off her white cotton panties
to her friends and was interested in comparing her sweet mound with those of
her close-friends. Whether it was sheer lust or just child curiousity, we
shall never know.

When they first met, both got stunned and immediately got attracted to each
other. They developed a really close and intimate relationship, in no time,
and they spent most of their free time together. One day something
happened...an incident, which changed their lives.

They were playing hide and seek with the other gilrs, when they got away and
found shelter in an old ruined house. That house was 100 yards away from the
alley where they were playing and was behind an old abandoned factory. You
had to crawl underneath a wooden fence to get there and the house couldn't
be seen from outside. They run quickly and entered the house with their
hearts beating in their chests like drums.

Suddenly they burst into laughters and embraced each other while they were
trying to catch their breaths. Both got very excited as they leaned their
heads on each other's shoulders, enjoying the feeling of being so close
together.

None of them wanted to be the first to break up their lovely entanglement,
so they remained in that position seemingly for hours. In reality it was
only for a couple of minutes when Lucy got lost in her own world. She was
inhaling the fragnace of Gina's hair and she felt as if she had been
intoxicated by their musky odor. Her hands were pressing Gina on her chest
firmly while her fingers were running along her curls, fondling and
caressing them. Lucy plunged her nose inside Gina's dark sea of cascade
silky hair and filled her lungs with their aroma, breathing heavily and
slowly, as she wanted this to last forever. Filling her nostrils with wave
after wave of Gina's velvet ringlets.

Gina wasn't sure what was going on but she did enjoy this rather unexpected
behavior from Lucy's part. With her eyes closed she was enjoying every
minute of their imtimate touching, letting little moans out of her
half-opened lips. Never in her life had she felt so warm, so complete, so
desirable, so...aroused. She was pulling Lucy too on her chest firmly,
wanted to show her that she wasn't afraid and that she wanted Lucy to
continue.

Lucy put aside Gina's hair, exposing her left ear and started rubbing her
nose around Gina's ear, tracing her earflap slowly and gently, making Gina
shivering in delight. She then replaced her nose with her tongue and
continued to tease this tiny and helpless ear making it red and wet from her
saliva. Gina gasped as Lucy put her earlobe in her lips and sucked it gently
and steadily.

With her head leaned back and closed eyes , Gina let Lucy's tongue to
continue its trip from her ear to her sideneck ,over her porselaine
veins,around her sensitive throat ,all the way under her chin and finally on
her lips.

Both with closed eyes kissed each other's lips sweet and tenderly. It was
their first kiss and the first of their lives. "Oh Gina I love you so much"
Lucy whispered. "I love you too Lucy, you are my best friend, I dont want to
lose you" Gina answered with a trembling voice. "I will always be with you
Gina, I will never leave you" said Lucy while she was caressing Gina's hair.
Gina looked up on Lucy and straight in her eyes and said "I will do anything
for you Lucy, the only think I ask is to be with you". Lucy soothed her and
gave her another kiss on the lips. Gina responded with zest and hugged her
with passion.

"Do you know Gina what is a french kiss?" asked Lucy. "Oh I have heard
things about it from other girls in the school but im not sure what it is.
Everybody seems to have a different opinion about it, but they all agree
that has to do with the tongue. Am I right?" Gina giggled."Well" Lucy
responded "its when you put your tongue in your partner's mouth and kissing
her that way". "Dont you think its gross Lucy?" Gina said hesitantly. "Don't
worry honey, its so sweet and so pleasant or else nobody would try it. I can
show you how to do it if you like" Lucy said with a self-assured tone as she
wanted to show that she was an expert on it. "O...Okay...lets do it then, im
trusting you so much Lucy" said Gina.

Lucy leaned her head slightly to the right and at the same time with her
hands she led Gina's head in the same respective position and pressed her
lips on Gina's mouth. Gina half-opened her lips when she felt Lucy's tongue
probing her lips. She waited for Lucy to take the initiative as she was
standing there totally helpless, mesmerized by the power Lucy had over her.
Lucy pressed her tongue past the velvet opening of Gina's warm mouth and
slid it in. She started to rub her tongue over Gina's, exploring her wet
mouth, twisting and swirling it inside her cheek-walls and at the same time
trying to swallow her honey juices. Sticking it on the roof of her mouth was
her way to prompt Gina to follow her movements; and that was exactly what
Gina did. They were savoring each other's taste, with their tongues dancing
and fighting around like a couple perfoming a frenzy tango dance, when they
run out of breath and had to stop for a while.

"Honey I want you so much, i know that you want me too," Lucy said as she
placed her left hand between Gina's legs. "I can feel the wetness on your
panties and that drives me crazy. I wanna taste your sweet bud, i wanna give
you my love and make you happy." "Oh my God Lucy, you can do anything you
want to me...Oh please i beg you, don't stop...j...ju...just...don't
stop...please." Gina pleaded.

Lucy stroked Gina's pussy above her panties a few times and then she dragged
them down to her feet. Gina stepped out of them and then she was ordered to
sit on an old chair. She did as she was told and then she waited for the
next turn of the events. Lucy got near and knelt before her. She gently
parted her legs and positioned herself between. Her arms hugged both Gina's
skinny legs from the outer sides and her palms touched her ankles. She
started fondling both Gina's calves working her hands up and down very
slowly and tenderly. Lucy licked her lips and then placed her tongue on
Gina's inner left thigh. She brushed her way along the length of her thigh
in a long lingering journey leaving traces of saliva behind. Gina
immediately shuddered in passion and moaned a little.

Lucy continued her journey upwards and when she touched with her tongue
Gina's labia, Gina jumped on her chair not expecting the impact that thing
would have on her. She blew hot air on Gina's velvet pussy and then she
started lapping on her undeveloped lips. Licking and nibbling on those
beautiful rose petals, chewing gently, rubbing her nose on that silky slit.

Gina quivered like a leaf in the wind as she was grabbing with all her might
both arms of her chair. Sweet juices started to flow from her pussy, going
straight to Lucy's tongue and from there, down to her throat as she was
licking and swallowing at the same time not wanting to miss even a single
drop.

Lucy raised Gina's skinny legs on the air, grabbing the ankles and parted
them wide as she kept working her tongue over Gina's hypersensitive clit.
Gina glimpsed through her half-closed eyelashes at Lucy's head being between
her legs and bobbing up and down and that was exactly what triggered the
most (and first) powerful orgasm of her life. She shivered, bucked her hips
and came hard and rough on Lucy's face almost passing out from the intensity
of her explosion.
"Oooohh...Lucyyyy...ohh my goddddddddd...im cummmmmminggg...immmmmmm
finisheddddddddd...aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh" she shouted loudly literraly emptying
her lungs from all the air she had. Lucy looked at her and smiled while she
was still drenched in her musky juices and...

Well...its time for us to leave those exhausted girls in their privacy,
allowing them to make out, cuddle up and rest. A new day full of joy and
excitement was about to start. But that is another story.

END.

Written by Christy Mars
Especially made for 16 year old Lucy from UK.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 59: malin-goes-to-usa 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 12 Apr 1999 14:49:00 PDT
From: sandra_bs81@hotmail.com
Subject: Malin Goes to the USA

This is a true story.

Malin Goes to the USA


Malin moved to Boston when she were 13 years old. She and her family 
moved there from Sweden. Her father got a new job there. Malin where 
very sad living Sweden. All her friends of course lived there. And her
best friend Mariette lived there too. Mariette and Malin always were 
together back in Sweden. They met the first year in school. Since then 
they always did things together. The two girls were very pretty when 
they were young, so they remained. At the age of twelve they began 
their
sexual lives. Malin first began thinking of her body's development one
day after school. She was home after school taking a shower. As she 
soaped her nice body she felt her breasts were beginning to grow.
She washed and got herself dried. She took on her panties and got into 
her room. She lay on her bed and began touching herself all over. 
Suddenly she was touching her crotch. Malin were really enjoying this. 
Soon she were soaking her panties with her juice. She caressed her 
small tits and her pussy. After a while she put a finger under the
panties and put it into her little tunnel. Soon she orgasmed for the 
first time in her life. Her panties soaked she just laid on the bed 
for half an hour, only thinking of the experience. She called Mariette
and told her about the orgasm. Mariette was so impressed by the story.
She immediately told Malin to get over at her house. As they were 
sitting
on Mariette's bed a few minutes later, Malin described the feeling.
Mariette could not hear enough of it. She got somewhat wet of it. 
Feeling
herself soaking up she asked Malin to show her. They were best friends
since a long time so there were no tension between the two girls.
Yeah! Malin said, she would love to show Mariette. She too were 
soaking
her panties now. Malin told Mariette to take off her pants. She did 
what
she was told. Malin also took her pants off. They were sitting infront 
of
eachother, Mariette waiting for Malin to say something. Malin looked
at Mariettes panties, she saw the wet spot, Mariette! she said you're
already wet! Mariette only laughed and said, yeah! what did you expect
after making me so hot with these details. Yeah OK! Malin said. 
You're also wet! Mariette said. Yeah, its because I know what it is 
like!
she said. Well, lets do this. Malin said. Do like me she told 
Mariette.
Then she put her hand on her panties and began caressing it, Mariette
did so too and let out a little moan. This made it, she couldn't stop 
herself
she rubbed her crotch through her panties faster and faster getting
wetter every second. Malin rubbed herself too, she was so amased of
how nice it was. They laid beside eachother on Mariette's bed gettin
near an orgasm by rubbing their panties wet. Malin soon took her 
panties
off to get even more  into her pussy. Mariette saw this and did like 
malin.
They were only wearing t-shirts now. After they both had orgasmed, 
Malin
sat up and said to Mariette that she had an idea. Mariette couldn't 
wait 
to her it, What? she said loudly. It's kind of weird idea but I'm so
excited to do this. OK Mariette said, I'll do it whatever it is.
Malin told Mariette to lay down on her back, then she looked her into 
her eyes
bringing her face closer to Mariette's. She didn't hesitate a sec 
Mariette got a feeling of what was going on. When their faces were an
inch from touching, Mariette raised her head and met Malins lips. They
opened their mouths with no hesitation, Malins tounge dug into 
Mariette's.
The cute little girls both closed their eyes and enjoyed the wonderful 
kiss.
Malin soon got ontop of Mariette, their bodies clung together like 
one.
Malin broke the kiss, staring into Mariette's eyes she said, that was 
some kiss! Mariette smiled responding with a hug. Malin took her 
t-shirt 
off, so did Mariette, they continued the passionate kiss. Malin began
rubbing her pussy against Mariette's leg, who responded with the same
action. The two girls were so into this loving they couldn't think of
anything else. Their pussys getting wetter every second, soaking the 
other
girls leg. Soon they both orgasmed on top of eachother, as they did 
they had their best experience in their lives that far. They sat next
to eachother talking about this for a while. They did a lot of kissing 
and 
hugging. The girls felt they needed to sleep togehter this night.
Malin called her dad and told him that she would sleep at Mariette's
house, he didn't suspect anything as the girls often slept together.
They used to sleep in the same bed, but until this they had never 
made love, or even kissed eachother.
Malin and Mariette saw a movie that night, then they decided it was 
time to 
go to bed. Mariette's parents were already in bed as they were going 
up
early in the mornings. Malin asked her friend if she could use a pair
of her panties, her own were not very clean. Mariette smiled and said,
No you can't do that! I guess you'll have to sleep with dirty panties!
She laughed at her friend. Malin smiled and said, Well, if I am, so 
are you!
They smiled and said they were dirty girls doin like this. 
They got in the bed...they just laid talking about things, holding 
each-
other taight. The next day they got to school like always. The girls
were in the same class. During the mathematics Malin looked at 
Mariette
and pointed, carefully so no one noticed, at the door. Mariette 
understood 
something was going on and went out. As they met outside the classroom
Malin told Mariette to follow her, the girls went to a little room in 
the school
that no one, almost, new of. They closed the door. Malin smiled at 
Mariette
and told her to come to her. The girls laid on the floor, Malin on top
of Mariette, they kissed eachother. After a while Malin broke the kiss 
and said to Mariette, I think I LOVE you Mariette. Mariette said the 
same thing
to Malin, and pressed herself against her. Both girls were getting 
very
wet by this time and they started to undress. At last they were naked,
kissing eachother and rubbing their breasts against the others. They
wore the same dirty panties today, the little girls were so into 
eachother
and they said to eachother how much they loved their relationship.
They made love for about half an hour, then they went back to the next 
lesson
looking at eachother and smiling.
That night they slept together again, making alot of love.
And so it went on, almost every night they slept with eachother.
Their parents didn't suspect anything. At school they often hid and 
made
love to eachother. One day they didn't care so much to hide, they just
went into a little room with no door. As the girls were making out 
someone
came. they didn't hear anything though. It was one of their 
classmates.
A girl called Josefine. She just stood there, looking at her 
classmates
making out in that little room, the lights were not very intense and 
the
carpets darkbrown. After a while Malin noticed her, they stopped 
making out
just looking at Josefin. A sec later Mariette  told her not to say 
anything
to anyone. Josefin didn't say anything, she just walked away. Mariette
was worried Josefin would tell someone about her and her friend.
But obviously she didn't because no one ever said something about it.
Mariette and Josefin were also friends since a long time and they 
still
met regulary. Sometimes Mariette and Josefin would make out in Josies
bed. But it never came any longer than so. Malin didn't now anything 
about
Mariette's unfaith. 
Malin and Mariette remained friends and lovers until Malin got the 
message
from her father that they would move away. The last night before Malin
went, they slept at Mariette's house. They were crying alot, and also 
kissing
and hugging. Malin left that morning saying goodbye with a five minute
long kiss. It was very sad for both girls. 
The day after that Malin was in Boston. Though she missed Sweden and 
Mariette very much, she did actually think it was a bit exiting being
in the USA. She had, ofcourse, no friends except her parents and her 
little
brother. She spent the week before school walking around in Boston, 
thinking of what school would be like and ofcourse how much she was
missing the warmth of Mariette's body against her own. 
Time went on and the next week she was at her new school. It was a lot 
of
differences from the Swedish school. Her classmates thought it was fun 
having a
girls from sweden in their class. Especially the boys, cause she was a
very beautiful 13 year old girl. But Malin didn't think about boys at 
all.
She kind of liked the new school, and her classmates were nice. She
made some friends who came with her to her house. It was three girls,
called Jenny, Cathrine and Josephine. All of them had boyfriends, and 
they new a few guys who would like to date Malin, but she wasn't 
interested
in boys. Neither did she fall in love with any of the girls she was 
seeing. She thought they looked good though. 
Then one day, she was walking alone through the corridoors. She met a 
girl.
It was a blonde hair to her shoulders,about 5'3", blue eyes and a very 
cute 
mouth with nice white theeth. She looked into her eyes and felt her 
heart
bump. She had the feeling she had when she woke up with Mariette.
Malin couldn't bare it, the girl was so beautiful. -Hey! You, do you 
know
where the bathroom is? I have never been in this part of the school 
before, Malin asked the girl. The blonde girl faced Malin with a 
smile,
Yeah! I do, come with me and I'll show you, she said.
The girl didn't seem to have a problem with Malin asking for the 
bathroom, so Malin told her about the family's immigration to the USA.
The girl said she liked Malins accent. Malin speaked perfect english,
the only thing was the strange accent. -Thanks, Malin said with a 
smile.
"Thank you for showing me here", she said. 
"You're welcome, actually, I need to use it myself." The girl said.
"ok, by the way, whats your name?" asked Malin.
"Elise Smith" Elise said. Whats yours?
"Malin Edvinson" Malin said.
Malin and Elise started talking, they talked for about an hour.
Of course they left the toilets after a while, walking around in the 
part of the school where it was kind of quiet. 
Malin felt so good being with Elise already, there was something 
between
them that felt so right.
Malin were almost melting when she heard Elise's nice voice. and she 
was
so pretty. Malin felt she fitted to Elise. Malin had brown, rather
short hair, green-blue eyes, a little bit shorter than Elise was.
Elise had bigger breasts than Malin, that made her feel good to. she
like girls who had bigger than she herself had. Malin had rather short
legs, not so it looked stupid or so, but Elise had longer.
They were at the same age, 13 goin to be 14.
When they looked at eachother there was something between them,
like some attraction. Malin was falling in love. Elise asked Malin if
she would like to come to her house some day. 
"yeah, that would be fun" She said.
When she came home, she laid in her bed. She began thinking of Elise.
Wanting her body. She was getting wet now. really wet. She put a 
finger
under her pants, and caressed her pussy. She felt panties getting wet.
She took the pants off, spread her leg and rubbed her hand against the 
wet pantie-cloth. She was so turned on, she put two ingers in her wet 
little
pussy. With the other hand she was rubbing her breasts.
She got in the thought of being boy, she wanted to be a boy, so she 
could
be together with Elise. Sometimes she played that she was a boy.
It wasn't so hard. Her breasts were not so big and her shoulder almost 
like
a boys. In her closet she had a pair of boys-underwear. 
Now she locked her door, and got the undies from her closet.
She put a tight t-shirt on, it pressed her breasts so there was hard 
to see
them, hen she put a sweatshirt on and combed her hair like a boy.
She stood infront of the mirror, she was amazed, she really looked 
like a boy
in her age. She threw herself on the bed beginning to pump on the 
pillow,
she had placed like Elise's crotch. She had one hand down so she could
rub her pussy wet.
She felt so masculine doing this thing.
When she came, she put the things away and got to bed...
Two days later she joined Elise home after school. They were talking 
about
everything, mostly Sweden.
When they got home, Elise showed her house. It was a big house, with 
many
rooms. Elises room were very nice, she had a big bed with many 
pillows.
After talking about Malins school back in sweden, Elise suddenly
asked if Malin had a boyfriend, left alone back in sweden.
Malin was shocked. What was she goin to say? "No but a girlfriend". 
Hardly!
She turned red. she couldn't answer.
"Whats up Malin?" Elise said.
"oh, nothing really" Malin said.
"I can see that its something, do you miss him so much?" elise said.
"Well, no, I don't miss HIM" Malin said.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" Malin asked.
"No, I can't see anything good in the boys our age" she said.
"Can I say something secret, and you promise that you will tell no 
one,
absolutely no one?" Malin said.
"Absolutely" Elise said.
"Back in sweden, there's a girl called Mariette. We were, like, kind 
of
dating eachother, but no one new about it. I really loved her.
As a matter of fact I have never been with a boy. I'm not into boys."
"wah! thats really something! I have been thinking how it could be
kissing a girl! I have kissed some boys, but I don't think it's so
nice. So maybe I want to be with girls instead, I think." Elise said.
"It's very nice kissing a girl, I can tell you that!" Malin said. 
"Come
here and I'll show you!" Malin said, by reaction.
"Sure, I would like to try!" Elise said.
Malin stood up. Elise walked to her. Malin looked into her blue eyes,
put her arms around her neck, pressed their bodies together and 
slowly put her lips against Elises. Then she pressed her tounge 
against 
Elise's lips, she opened her mouth and their toungs met, they hold 
tightly 
around eachother, their tounges entwining. They made out for several 
minutes. 
Malin felt so good, and so did Ellie.
Malin carefully broke the kiss, still holding Ellie tight, she asked 
her
if she liked it. Ellie said it was the best kiss she ever had felt.
As she said so she squeezed Malins body hard against her own. They 
felt
the warmth from eachother, Ellies bigger breasts pushed against 
Malins.
Ellie felt like she was in paradise. Then they continued the kiss.
Ellie broke it after about five minutes, she felt her panties were 
getting
really sodden now. She whispered in Malins ear, "lets go to the bed"
Ellie laid herself on the bed, Malin laid down on top of her. They 
kissed again.
Malin began pumping her crotch against Ellies leg, Ellie responded the 
same way.
Their bodies rubbing together made Ellie so wet, her juice soaked her 
pants 
through the cloth, creating a dark spot on the pants. Malin couldn't 
resist
the smell of Ellies body, she took her T-shirt off and her own to.
Malin wore no bra, she zipped ellies off, and their naked bodies met 
as they 
kissed again. Malin now rubbed her pussy against Ellies trough thier 
pants and 
panties. They were so wet. They sat up and took their pants off. Ellie
spread her leg so Malin could rub her pussy against Ellies. Their 
panties
were totally sodden now. As they kissed end rubbed as hard as they 
could,
both young girls came at the same time. They soaked everything. 
They held eachother telling how great it felt. They got up and 
showered.
In the shower Malin told Ellie how much she loved her. Ellie said the 
same thing.
Malin went home that night after a really passionate goodnight kiss.
The next day Ellie followed Malin home.
As fast as they came up, Malin locked the door and threw herself on 
the bed.
Ellie laid on top of her and they begun kissing. They had kissed in 
school that
day. They hid and made out for a long time.
After making out a while, Malin asked if Ellie wanted to see 
something.
So Ellie laid on her belly while Malin dressed as a boy. When she saw 
it she 
flew up and gave Malin a big kiss. Malin pushed Ellie on the bed and
said she was going to fuck her. Ellie laughed. Now Ellie spread her 
legs.
She was undressed except those sodden panties. Malin laid on her, anfd 
began puming
against Ellies crotch. They got really wet. Soon Malin laid with one 
hand
in Ellies panties and her mouth on her breast. She licked her way down
on her belly on to the panties. she inhaled the thick smell of Ellies 
juice.
She loved that smell. She pulled the panties down and licked Ellies 
virgin pussy.
Ellies moaned really loud, Malins brother must have heard it. But they 
didn't
care. Malin soon got Ellie to an orgasm, Malins mouth were sprayed of
Ellies juice. She loved it. They undressed totally and Ellie laid on 
Malin.
They kissed and rubbed and licked for two hours at least.
Making the bed soaked.
Ellie and Malin saw eachother all the time now.
Even in school they made love, they sneaked in tothe toilets and made 
out.
Malin sent letters to Mariette, and told her about Elise.
Mariette told Malin that she and Josefine were dating now.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 60: marie-and-dawn 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2002 04:21:36 -0700 (PDT)
From: marie leclare <marieleclare@yahoo.com>
Subject: Marie and Dawn - lesbian young friends

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents
either are products of the author's imagination or are used
fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons,
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

(Authors note- I originally posted this story 8 years ago, when I was 16,
and didn't want the world to know that I was a lesbian. It was entitled
'Young Innocence Lost / Beth-Erin', and I posted it to a newsgroup
anonymously. The only minor changes I have made are the names to reflect my
girlfriends name and my own).

Marie and Dawn
By
Marie LeClare

Dawn and Marie became best friends the first day they met in 7th grade.
It was Dawn's first day at a new school and Marie's best friend had
moved away last year.  Both girls had been inseparable for the
first part of the school year, but this was the first night that
Dawn got to stay overnight at Marie's house.  It was morning and
Marie's parents had left for work.  Since Marie didn't have any
brothers or sisters, the girls were left all alone at home.
And since it was a school holiday, they had the house to themselves.

Marie woke up first.  She rubbed her eyes as she watched her
friend sleep.  Dawn's nightie had crept above her waist and as
she lay still, Marie fixed her eyes on the cotton print panties that
Dawn was wearing.  They seemed to be a little tight and she could
clearly make out the outline of her friends pussy.  She wasn't sure
why she was getting a strange feeling looking at another girl.  It
was the same feeling that she got each time just before she played
with herself.

As she looked at Dawn, she placed a hand in her own panties and
started to rub her little clit.  This always brought her
pleasure but this would be the first time she had done it when she
wasn't alone.  As she circled her clit with her finger, she admired
her friends body.  Dawn was very cute; long blonde hair, big blue
eyes. Just the opposite to Marie. Who had long black hair.
Marie wondered if Dawn ever touched with herself like she was
doing now.  They had talked about lots of intimate things, but not
that.

Soon an overwhelming urge overtook Marie to touch her friend
on that special spot.  Even though she didn't know how Dawn would
react, she felt compelled to take the chance.  Pretending to be
asleep so that she could claim it was not intentional, Marie allowed
her hand to come to rest on the mattress next to  Dawn's crotch.
After it had been there a minute without any adverse consequences,
she allowed it to brush against the cotton panties.  Little by
little she became more brave, sure that Dawn would not wake up and
scream or even worse.

Dawn had lay awake, one eye just barely opened, concealed by her
hair.  She watched as Marie, with her hand in her panties, rubbed her pussy.
She was relieved to know that she wasn't the only
girl that did this, and maybe it wasn't so bad after all.   She
wished that Marie had lowered her pajamas before doing it so that
she could actually see what she was doing.

When Marie suddenly stopped playing with herself, Dawn was afraid
that maybe she had sensed that she was awake and closed her eyes
tightly.  But when she felt Marie's hand make contact between her
legs, she knew that wasn't the case.  A little shiver of excitement
trickled through Dawn's body as that first actual touch was felt.
That was the first time anyone had ever touched her there.  She
wasn't expecting it from another girl, but right now that really
didn't matter.  She was excited from watching Marie and that
overcame any sense of wrongdoing.  Besides, she could just lay
there and pretend to be asleep and see what happened.

Marie's touch was very light and casual in the beginning.  But as
time went on and Dawn didn't wakeup and protest, her touch got more
aggressive and deliberate.  She had already caused a wet spot to
appear on Dawn's panties and now she was so excited that she didn't
care if Dawn did wake up.  Bravely, with one hand she lifted the
waste band of Dawn's panties and held them up while she slid the
other hand beneath them.  She brushed her hand over the soft, thin
patch of sprouting pubic hair and found her friends moist pussy with
one finger.  After slightly inserting it she started a circular
motion around the girls' clit with her thumb.

Dawn was sure she couldn't pretend to be asleep much longer.  The
tingles of electricity that she had felt had turned to bolts of
lightning as Marie's finger played at the entrance to her pussy.
Slowly, instinctively, she began to rotate her hips in a circular
motion in response to Marie's continuing massage of her clit.
Sensing that her pretending to be asleep was serving no purpose
except to diminish her enjoyment of the experience, Dawn shyly opened her
eyes, smiled at her friend and said softly, "Umm, that really
feels good."

"I am glad you like it.  I wasn't sure you would.  I don't know why
I started doing this, but I just wanted to."

Dawn responded by pulling her panties off and spreading her legs
apart to give Marie more room between her legs and  a sort of
unspoken permission to proceed.  Marie buried a finger in Dawn's
pussy and started pumping it in and out.

Dawn, now discarding her charade of being only a passive
participant, reached inside Marie's pajama bottoms.  Marie wasn't
wearing panties.  She found the moist slit with her finger and
started to give Marie the same type of pleasure that she was
receiving.

"The only thing that would make this better is if we had a boy here
with us.", said Dawn.

"Like, really.  Except the boys I know would blab all over school.
Or, you could end up like Kimmy, a slut."

"Yeah.  You ever done it with a boy?" Dawn asked.

"No. Almost did but my rents came home from school early and
messed everything up.  Have you?"

"No, but when the time is right I want to.  I just want to know
what it feels like, I mean, you are making me feel better than
anything I have had yet.",  replied Dawn.

Suddenly Marie stopped.  "You wait right there.  Don't move", Marie
said as she got up from the bed, went to the dresser and reached
way behind a drawer.  Carrying something white and folded into the
bathroom, she told Dawn that she would be right back.

The few minutes seemed like an eternity for Dawn until the
bathroom door opened and Dawn received the second biggest surprise
of the morning.  Marie had slicked back her already short black
hair, parted it on the side and had it combed in a boys style.  She
was wearing a tee shirt and a pair of too big jockey shorts.  Her big
brown eyes gave her the look of a young boy that could have been
her twin.  Sensing the question on her friends face, Marie explained
"These used to be my Daddy's when he was a boy.  I rescued them
before Mom threw them out.  Sometimes I sleep in them, it turns
me on."

"Wow", Dawn exclaimed as she looked at her friend in amazement.
If she didn't know better, she would swear she was looking at a 7th
grade boy standing before her in his underwear.  She felt her pussy
start to really itch as she admired her friend.

"And that's not all." said Marie as she pulled her jockey shorts
down in the front and revealed about five inches of a double-headed
dildo protruding from her pussy lips, the other half buried deeply
in her cunt.  "I never thought I would get to use both sides of
this at once, but if you're as hot as I am, we need to do it like
now!"

As she walked over to the bed, holding the thing to keep it from
springing out from between her legs, Dawn reached out to touch it
and examine the object.  It was made of a soft, and slightly rigid
plastic.  The head was just like the drawings she had seen in her sex
education book, and she could imagine that it was probably pretty close
to the real thing in size and shape. "Got it from a mail order
place last summer.", Marie explained.   "I guess if we don't have
a boy, this is the next best thing."

Dawn was a little apprehensive about allowing the thing up her
pussy.  She had put things like that up there before, but it was
always her in control.  But her fear started to subside as her
friend reassured her, "It's okay.  You'll feel great when it is in
you."

With that, Marie removed the dildo from her pussy and turned
around, placing the head that had been in her cunt, now slippery
wet, over the opening to her friends pussy.  The lubricant on the
head of the plastic dick and the wetness of Dawn's cunt caused the
head to pop in with a minimum of resistance.  Dawn lay on her back
with her legs spread widely, her knees resting against the
budding little bumps on her chest as Marie worked the dick in and
out of her to get her adjusted to it.  When she felt that it was
properly in and not going to be painful for Dawn, she positioned
herself between Dawn's spread legs.  Once again she pulled down the
front of the jockey shorts she was wearing and expertly inserted
the other half of the dildo in her own cunt.

Slightly, she pumped her hips, allowing the dick to sink first into
her hole and then into Dawn's.  Dawn was still spread with her
hands behind her knees holding herself open, afraid to resist in
the least.  Soon both girls were pumping their hips in perfect
rhythm until the dick was completely swallowed between both of
their cunts.  Their pussys were rubbing together as Marie fucked
Dawn, continuing the role of the boy as Dawn, now completely in
lustful abandon, wrapped her legs tightly around Marie's ass, digging her
heels into her friends pumping ass.  "Fuck me, oh fuck me" Dawn
cried to her friend, "Bury that dick of yours in me all the way!"

As Marie pumped her hips and her cunt would tighten, the slippery dildo
would shoot all the way into Dawn's pussy.  And as Dawn pumped back,
Marie could feel the thing thrust against the back of her cunt.
The girls had the dick so deeply buried into them that their clits
were banging together and it didn't take long until both girls
shuddered into passion, juices flowing from their cunts and down
the crack of Dawn's ass.

The girls collapsed in exhaustion, their slippery toy now
shining as it lay cast aside on the bed.  They kissed each other
passionately feeling the kind of devotion that only one young girl
could feel for another, having traded their youthful innocence for
passion.


If you like this story please write me, MarieLeClare@Yahoo.com.
I have my own group on Yahoo for my stories.
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/MariesStoryland/
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 61: marie-and-michelle 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 7 Dec 2004 20:20:06 -0800 (PST)
From: Marie LeClare <marieleclare@yahoo.com>
Subject: Marie and Michelle - lesbian young friends

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents
either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is
entirely coincidental.


Marie and Michelle
Copyright (c) 2004 
By
Marie LeClare


Marie met Michelle in kindergarten, and knew right away that she liked her,
but when she tried to kiss her, Michelle pushed her away.

Although they got separated when Marie was sent off to catholic school, she
still kept in contact with Michelle, who was also called Miki, which Marie
couldn't understand, but found out that when Miki was a baby she couldn't
pronounce Michelle, and out came Miki.

They became inseparable during school breaks and Summer holidays. If it
wasn't riding their bikes together it was going to the community swimming
pool, or ice skating in the Winter.

Marie still knew she liked Miki and didn't try to kiss her again until
about the eighth grade, to which Miki said, "have you lost your brain
cavity?"

Since it was the first day of Summer vacation Marie got to have Miki to her
house for a sleep over. After spending most of the night giggling at funny
stories, Marie always had a joke to tell, they slept in the next day.


It was morning and Marie's parents had left for work.  Since Marie didn't
have any brothers or sisters, the girls were left all alone at home and
they had the house to themselves.

Marie woke up first.  She rubbed her eyes as she watched her friend sleep.
Miki's nightie had crept above her waist and as she lay still, Marie fixed
her eyes on the cotton print panties that Miki was wearing.  They seemed to
be a little tight and she could clearly make out the outline of her friends
pussy.  She wasn't sure why she was getting a strange feeling looking at
another girl.  It was the same feeling that she got each time just before
she played with herself.

As she looked at Miki, she placed a hand in her own panties and started to
rub her little pussy.  This always brought her pleasure but this would be
the first time she had done it when she wasn't alone.  As she circled her
clit with her finger, she admired her friends body.  Miki was very cute;
long black hair, big blue eyes. Just the opposite to Marie. Who had long
black hair, and brown eyes.  Marie wondered if Miki ever touched herself
like she was doing now.  They had talked about lots of intimate things, but
not that.

Soon an overwhelming urge overtook Marie to touch her friend on that
special spot, her treasure.  Even though she didn't know how Miki would
react, she felt compelled to take the chance.  Pretending to be asleep so
that she could claim it was not intentional, Marie allowed her hand to come
to rest on the mattress next to Miki's crotch.  After it had been there a
minute without any adverse consequences, she allowed it to brush against
the cotton panties.  Little by little she became more brave, sure that Miki
would not wake up and scream or even worse.

Miki had lay awake, one eye just barely opened, concealed by her hair.  She
watched as Marie, with her hand in her panties, rubbed her pussy.  She was
relieved to know that she wasn't the only girl that did this, and maybe it
wasn't so bad after all.  She wished that Marie had lowered her pajamas
before doing it so that she could actually see what she was doing.

When Marie suddenly stopped playing with herself, Miki was afraid that
maybe she had sensed that she was awake and closed her eyes tightly.  But
when she felt Marie's hand make contact between her legs, she knew that
wasn't the case.  A little shiver of excitement trickled through Miki's
body as that first actual touch was felt.  That was the first time anyone
had ever touched her there.  She wasn't expecting it from another girl, but
right now that really didn't matter.  She was excited from watching Marie
and that overcame any sense of wrongdoing.  Besides, she could just lay
there and pretend to be asleep and see what happened.

Marie's touch was very light and casual in the beginning.  But as time went
on and Miki didn't wakeup and protest, her touch got more aggressive and
deliberate.  She had already caused a wet spot to appear on Miki's panties
and now she was so excited that she didn't care if Miki did wake up.
Bravely, with one hand she lifted the waste band of Miki's panties and held
them up while she slid the other hand beneath them.  She brushed her hand
over the soft, thin patch of sprouting pubic hair and found her friends
moist pussy with one finger.  After slightly inserting it she started a
circular motion around the girls' clit with her thumb.

Miki was sure she couldn't pretend to be asleep much longer.  The tingles
of electricity that she had felt had turned to bolts of lightning as
Marie's finger played at the entrance to her pussy.  Slowly, instinctively,
she began to rotate her hips in a circular motion in response to Marie's
continuing massage of her clit.  Sensing that her pretending to be asleep
was serving no purpose except to diminish her enjoyment of the experience,
Miki shyly opened her eyes, smiled at her friend and said softly, "Umm,
that really feels good."

"I am glad you like it.  I wasn't sure you would.  I don't know why I
started doing this, but I just wanted to."

Miki responded by pulling her panties off and spreading her legs apart to
give Marie more room between her legs and a sort of unspoken permission to
proceed.  Marie buried a finger in Miki's pussy and started pumping it in
and out, when she found no barrier.

Miki, now discarding her charade of being only a passive participant,
reached inside Marie's pajama bottoms.  Marie wasn't wearing panties.  She
found the moist slit with her finger and started to give Marie the same
type of pleasure that she was receiving.

"The only thing that would make this better is if we had a boy here with
us.", said Miki.

"Like, really.  Except the boys I know would blab all over school.  Or, you
could end up like Lisa, a slut."

"Yeah.  You ever done it with a boy?" Miki asked.

"No. Almost did but my rents came home from school early and messed
everything up, Marie lied, because she didn't want Miki to know that she
hated boys.  Have you?"

"No, but when the time is right I want to.  I just want to know what it
feels like, I mean, you are making me feel better than anything I have had
yet", replied Miki. Who also lied about wanting a boy.

Suddenly Marie stopped.  "You wait right there.  Don't move", Marie said as
she got up from the bed, went to the dresser and reached way behind a
drawer.  Carrying something white and folded into the bathroom, she told
Miki that she would be right back.

The few minutes seemed like an eternity for Miki until the bathroom door
opened and Miki received the second biggest surprise of the morning.  Marie
had slicked back her black hair, parted it on the side and had it combed in
a boys style.  She was wearing a tee shirt and a pair of too big jockey
shorts.  Her big brown eyes gave her the look of a young boy that could
have been her twin.  Sensing the question on her friends face, Marie
explained "These used to be my Daddy's when he was a boy.  I rescued them
before Mom threw them out.  Sometimes I sleep in them, it makes me feel
close to Daddy."

"Wow", Miki exclaimed as she looked at her friend in amazement.  If she
didn't know better, she would swear she was looking at an 8th grade boy
standing before her in his underwear.  She felt her pussy start to really
itch as she admired her friend.

"And that's not all." said Marie as she pulled her jockey shorts down in
the front and revealed about five inches of a double-headed dildo
protruding from her pussy lips, the other half buried deeply in her cunt.
"I never thought I would get to use both sides of this at once, but if
you're as hot as I am, we need to do it like now!"

As she walked over to the bed, holding the thing to keep it from springing
out from between her legs, Miki reached out to touch it and examine the
object.  It was made of a soft, and slightly rigid plastic.  The head was
just like the drawings she had seen in her sex education book, and she
could imagine that it was probably pretty close to the real thing in size
and shape. "Got it from a mail order place last summer.", Marie explained.
"I guess if we don't have a boy, this is the next best thing."

Miki was a little apprehensive about allowing the thing up her pussy.  She
had put things like that up there before, a carrot, a thick marker pen, but
it was always her in control.  But her fear started to subside as her
friend reassured her, "It's okay.  You'll feel great when it is in you."

With that, Marie removed the dildo from her pussy and turned around,
placing the head that had been in her cunt, now slippery wet, over the
opening to her friends pussy.  The lubricant on the head of the plastic
dick and the wetness of Miki's cunt caused the head to pop in with a
minimum of resistance.  Miki lay on her back with her legs spread widely,
her knees resting against the budding little bumps on her chest as Marie
worked the dick in and out of her to get her adjusted to it.  When she felt
that it was properly in and not going to be painful for Miki, she
positioned herself between Miki's spread legs.  Once again she pulled down
the front of the jockey shorts she was wearing and expertly inserted the
other half of the dildo in her own cunt.

Slightly, she pumped her hips, allowing the dick to sink first into her
hole and then into Miki's.  Miki was still spread with her hands behind her
knees holding herself open, afraid to resist in the least.  Soon both girls
were pumping their hips in perfect rhythm until the dick was completely
swallowed between both of their cunts.  Their pussys were rubbing together
as Marie fucked Miki, continuing the role of the boy as Miki, now
completely in lustful abandon, wrapped her legs tightly around Marie's ass,
digging her heels into her friends pumping ass.  "Fuck me, oh fuck me" Miki
cried to her friend, "Bury that dick of yours in me all the way!"

As Marie pumped her hips and her cunt would tighten, the slippery dildo
would shoot all the way into Miki's pussy.  And as Miki pumped back, Marie
could feel the thing thrust against the back of her cunt.  The girls had
the dick so deeply buried into them that their clits were banging together
and it didn't take long until both girls shuddered into passion, juices
flowing from their cunts and down the crack of Miki's ass.

The girls collapsed in exhaustion, their slippery toy now shining as it lay
cast aside on the bed.  They kissed each other passionately feeling the
kind of devotion that only one young girl could feel for another, having
traded their youthful innocence for passion.

As time went on they experimented with all the new sex things they heard
about, on each other, and found enjoyment with each new thing, and finally
proclaimed their love for each other.

They both thought their love couldn't get any stronger, but it did, and
soon Miki was being submissive to Marie, who assumed the role as mistress.

When Marie would make an off the cuff remark in front of her rents that
Miki was her slave, they thought it was cute, not realizing how true it
was.

The years past and their love grew stronger until they decided they didn't
ever want to be apart, and got married to each other.

If you like this story please write me, MarieLeClare@Yahoo.com.
I also have a free women's only group on Yahoo that I post all my stories.
It's free and it's http://groups.yahoo.com/group/MariesFriends/
It also has the Links to all my other groups.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 62: mineville-girls 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2022 22:43:01 +0000 (UTC)
From: Titan Hoop Club <titanhoopclub@yahoo.com>
Subject: Mineville Girls

This is a work of lesbian fantasy.  The characters only ever existed in
the mind of the author.  If you are offended by lesbian girls, please
read no further.

(Lesbian Young Friends)

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Mineville is a typical dying town in the Rust Belt section of America.  A
once thriving industrial area, the mine and the ironworks have been
closed for over two decades.  With few exceptions the only remaining
residents are in the lower middle-class.  For the young, getting out out
Mineville after high school seems their only option.

Despite their economic woes, the people of Mineville took pride in two
things:  High school football and their cheer squad.  Almost every boy at
Mineville High was honor-bound to join the small, gritty squad, and the
prettiest girls in town always became cheerleaders.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

With two senior girls graduating, there would be two openings on the
cheer squad.  Senior cheer captain, Brenda Staley was receiving a
full-ride scholarship to Penn State for Cheer.  An excellent student, she
will select a major among the Engineering disciples.

Missy Franklin was engaged to be married in June to Roy Westerfield, a
guard on the football team and a forward on the basketball team.  Roy
would be joining his father's auto shop as a mechanic upon graduation.
Rumor had it that Roy Jr. was due to make an appearance in November.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Next year's cheer captain, and current junior, Tami Reese, along with
fellow squad-member Bonnie McGarvey were fulfilling a yearly, late-spring
tradition in Mineville.  Tami was a spunky, 5'8" brunette.  A natural
leader, she was unanimously selected to be the new cheer captain.

Each year, two girls from the squad would go to the nearby Mineville
Junior High and hold a school assembly, displaying various Mineville High
School cheers and dance moves.  Tami had the prettiest legs in Mineville,
and the junior high boys were practically cumming in their pants as the
two "women" performed high leg kicks, and twirls which exposed their firm
asses and their provocative red Spanks.

The purpose was two-fold:  Identify and recruit pretty, peppy, 8th
graders to attend summer cheer try outs, and to encourage 8th grade boys
to play on the "B" football team in the fall, with the promise of someday
joining the varsity, like their older brothers, cousins, fathers, and
uncles had done before them.

Martha Sellers was the first to approach the sign-up table for cheer try
out's.  Martha was a sort of an awkward, chubby 8th grader, and it had
taken great courage for her to sign her name on the list for the June try
outs.

Martha's courage had been bolstered by taking her best friend, Charley
Thomas, to the table to sign up with her.  Charley's real name was
Charlene, but her trucker father had somehow gotten to calling his
daughter, Charley, and it had stuck.

Charley's mother had died from cancer when Charley was very young.  Her
father drove long-haul to keep food on the table, so Charley was often
left to fend for herself and had grown up largely alone and somewhat
wild.

At 13-years-old, Charley still dressed and acted like something of
tomboy.  Charley never wore dresses, and would wear shorts in the warm
months, and jeans in the cold months.  The idea of being a cheerleader in
high school seemed ridiculous to her, but Charley had agreed to support
her best friend, Martha.

As Charley approached the table, Tami began to take a good, hard look at
the 13-year-old in front of her.  Charley was actually quite pretty in
many ways, although her golden hair was tied into two juvenile pigtails
like the character, Heidi.

Charley was wearing jean shorts and dirty sneakers.  Her legs were
comparatively long and lean for such a young girl.  Tami's mind could
envision those cute legs in a little cheer skirt and saddle shoes.  Tami
noticed that Charley's breasts were simply small bumps.  But how many
13-year-olds had great breasts?

Tami began to ask Charley questions:  Had Charley ever taken dance
classes?  "No." Charley answered honestly.  Had Charley ever trained in
gymnastics?  Charley again answered no, but she had stuck in this little
proviso:  "Most people think I'm a pretty good athlete.  I can do
cartwheels and back springs, and I ain't scared of nuthin'."

Tami made note of the somewhat scruffy teen and wrote down her phone
number.  Charley had the potential to be quite pretty, and if she was
half the athlete she claimed to be, she might just earn a spot on the
squad.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The following week Charley was surprised to receive a call from Tami.
Tami asked the 8th grader how badly she wanted to be on the squad?
Charley truthfully answered that she hadn't thought much about it until
the day Martha had asked her to sign up.  Charley said that she had
thought about it some since then, and she thought it might be fun.

Tami wasn't completely sold on Charley's commitment, but Tami said that
she would work with the young girl over the weekend.  If Charley took it
easy, Tami would be done on the spot.  Charley agreed.  The cheer
tutoring session was scheduled for 1:00 p.m. on Saturday in Tami's
backyard.

Charley was told to wear a pair of shorts, sneakers, and to wear a sports
bra because she would be jumping and doing some rudimentary gymnastics.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Charley arrived promptly on Saturday afternoon.  She was dressed more
like a 13-year-old boy, complete with backwards baseball cap and baggy
basketball shorts and t-shirt.  Seeing the disappointment in Tami's face,
Charley immediately apologized and said she had no idea what to wear, and
she would henceforth do whatever Tami told her to do.

Tami brought the 13-year-old into the house and found an old pair of
dance shorts for Charley to wear.  Even those were slightly baggy on her
tiny, 8th grade body.  Tami suggested that she simply take off her
t-shirt and work out in her sports bra.  Charley shrugged, she knew that
she didn't have much to hide in the way of tits.

As Charley changed shorts, Tami noticed that she was wearing a pair of
panties with little pink hearts on them like a preteen girl would wear.
The panties, however, also served to show off Charley's firm, athletic
ass.  Tami was encouraged.

Returning to the back yard, Charley proved to be a diligent student and a
quick learner.  Charley was able to master every dance step and cheer
routine in just a few tries, and could indeed perform a competent
backflip.  Tami performed as a spotter for Charley's gymnastic moves.
Sweat soaked through Charley's grey sports bra.  Her pointy nipples poked
out as she heaved her chest to catch her breath.

Tami retrieved two bottles of water from her fridge, and complimented the
petite, blonde, 13-year-old on her work ethic and tenacity with which she
tried to improve.  Tami also noticed that Charley's sweaty, barely
pubescent body was starting to turn her on.

Knowing that her mother wasn't home, Tami wanted to take a peek at
Charley naked.  She offered the young girl access to her shower.  Charley
politely declined, saying that all of her clothes were at home.  Tami
hoped that there would be other opportunities with the cute youngster.

Tami assured Charley that if she kept improving on her routines, she
would be head and shoulders ahead of the others when tryouts were slated
to go on in a couple of weeks.  Tami offered to continue practicing with
Charley whenever she had a chance.  Charley eagerly accepted.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Like Charley, Tami was being raised by a single parent.  Her father had
been killed in a traffic accident when she was very young.  She had very
kindly been raised by her stepmother, who had gone back to school to earn
a nursing credential.  Tami's stepmom, Charlotte, worked long hours as an
emergency room nurse at the county hospital, a 20-mile commute from
Mineville.

The county job provided excellent pay and benefits, and made the two
among the more affluent citizens of Mineville.  The downside was that
Tami's stepmother was rarely home.  In addition to cheerleading and
getting an education, Tami picked up the slack at home by cleaning the
house and preparing the meals.

Tami kept a secret: To fill her lonely hours she had been having a very
secretive lesbian relationship with a senior on the girl's basketball
team, Cindy Burke.

Cindy was a pretty, 5'10" blonde on the basketball team.  At only 5'10",
she had to play center against girls who were much taller and broader
than her.  Opportunities for a life-changing basketball scholarship were
nil.  She knew that she would probably be stuck in Mineville for life.
The two girls secretly consoled each other with their bodies.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Charley was diligent in her workouts with Tami, and she breezed through
the tryouts.  She had tried to work with her friend, Martha too.
Unfortunately, Martha was neither fit nor athletic, and wasn't chosen for
the squad.  Martha feared that she would lose Charley as a friend as
Charley would now be elevated into a different social strata.

Charley was the only incoming freshman to be selected for the squad.
With her size, weight, and fearlessness, she would be a "flyer" on the
squad.  Flyers are tossed in the air by the other cheerleaders, and she
would occupy the top of their pyramids.

A sturdy sophomore named Tina Thomas was also added to the cheer squad.
She had worked hard throughout the second semester to learn the
routines.  More importantly, she had worked out hard in the weight room
so that she could become a "base" on the team, and help with the lifting
and catching of the flyer.  As a base she would have no less status on
the Mineville cheer squad.  Tina was almost euphoric at her selection
after not being picked the prior year.

Miss Donna Reynolds was the cheer squad coach.  A breakfast-shift
waitress at the local diner, She had been a captain of the cheer squad
herself almost 15 years prior.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Tami was happy for Charley.  Her mentorship and Charley's hard work had
paid off.  Tami's next step was to feminize the 13-year-old tomboy.  To
celebrate, she invited Charley over for a Friday night sleepover.

Charley's truck driver father was nearing Kansas City when Charley called
him to ask permission to stay over at Tami's house.  He was happy to
learn that she had made the cheer squad and was becoming friendly with
the squad captain.  Assuming that Tami's mother would be there, he
unhesitatingly gave his permission.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Tami was something of an amateur cosmetologist.  She was able to trim and
even up Charley's blonde hair.  With a little shampoo and conditioner,
Charley's blonde hair soon looked shiny and lustrous.  At 13-years-old,
Charley's freshly scrubbed face didn't require too much makeup, but Tami
was able to show Charley just enough for her to accentuate her pouty lips
and pretty blue eyes.

The next time that Charley saw her best friend, Martha, she was
practically transformed.  While Charley didn't act or treat Martha any
differently, Martha knew too well that Charley would soon be moving along
without her to join a new group of pretty cheerleader friends

When Friday finally came, Charley knocked on Tami's door.  Charley had
recently gone shopping for some "girly" new clothes, and was dressed in
pretty, pink sleeveless top and some small white shorts.  The outfit was
perfectly appropriate for a hot Pennsylvania summer evening.  Charley was
carrying a small overnight bag as she again knocked on the door.

Answering the door, Tami was momentarily stunned to see her
Pygmalion-like creation standing before her.  While still slender and
petite, the 13-year-old no longer looked like a prepubescent boy, but
rather a pretty young girl, worthy of a place on her Mineville cheer
squad.

Tami embraced Charley, and complimented her sincerely on her appearance.
Tami invited Charley into the house, and explained that her mother would
be working a 12-hour night shift that night so they would be fending for
themselves for dinner.  That was fine with Charley.  She enjoyed cooking
for her father on the rare days that he was at home.

The girls talked and laughed as they put together what they agreed was a
rather delicious spaghetti dinner from scratch.  The two girls
increasingly understood that they had a lot in common, including being on
their own the majority of the time.

The pair lounged on the couch watching TV for a couple of hours after
they had dutifully cleaned the dishes. Tami then announced that it was
time to go upstairs and that she had a surprise for Charley.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Tami's bedroom was tastefully decorated in white and soft pink.  The
bedroom didn't look like the bedroom of a young girl, nor did it look
like the bedroom of a more mature woman.  A white stuffed poodle was
placed on top of Tami's double bed.  It was more like a throw pillow than
a child's bedmate.

Charley sat on the bed as Tami began fiddling in her closet.  She emerged
with two sets of cheerleader uniforms for Charley to try on so that they
could get the sizing right.  The cheer uniforms were red, with black and
white trim.  "Miners" was written in script across the chest.

Tami explained that their uniforms were paid for by the booster club, and
practically everyone in the town regularly contributed what little they
could for the sports teams and cheer squad.  It was a matter of civic
pride that the Mineville High teams looked as sharp as possible.

Charley was a little shy as she prepared to undress and try on the
uniforms.  She embarrassedly admitted that she was not wearing a bra.
Charley said that her tits were so small that she didn't think anyone
would notice.  Her face turned a shade of red at her confession.

Tami said to not worry about it, as it was only "us girls."  Tami grabbed
a scrunchy to tie Charley's hair in a ponytail.  Charley laughed as she
whipped her blonde ponytail from side to side.  She was accustomed to
wearing braided pigtails.  Tami had encouraged her to wear her pretty
hair straight and long.

Removing her pink top, Charley's boobs were indeed small, but perky.  Her
pink nipples instantly became hard as the air touched her naked skin.
Charley tried to hide her boobs with one arm as she reached for a cheer
top with the other hand.  Tami pretended not to be drinking in the sight
of the nearly-naked teen.

Both agreed that the first top was too loose and baggy on Charley's
petite body.  Taking it off, Charley's small breasts were now clearly
exposed as she pulled the top over her head.  Tami's mouth watered while
looking at Charley's pert, pink nipples.

The next top fit perfectly.  Tami reached for a pad to write down the
size.  Pretending to help Charley smooth the fabric, Tami's hand briefly
brushed over Charley's breasts.  Tami could feel Charley's still-erect
nipples.

Now it was time to try on the cheer skirts.  Still wearing the smaller
top, Charley reached for the smaller sized skirt.  Unbuttoning her white
shorts, she let them fall to the floor, revealing a pair of small, white
cotton bikini panties, with a little pink bow in front.  Tami thought
that Charley looked adorable.  It took all of her willpower to keep from
placing a hand between Charley's young, slender legs, and touching
whatever was lurking beneath those little cotton panties.

Tami snapped out of her daze just as Charley began to try on her red
cheer skirt.  It too fit perfectly.  There was just a small gap between
the top and the skirt which was designed to show off the flat bellies of
the cheerleaders.  Tami stood up from the bed, and encouraged  Charley to
take a look at herself in the dresser mirror.

Charley was not a vain girl, but she had to admit that she looked damn
good.  Her smile went from ear to ear.  Tami stood behind Charley, and
complimented her on how "hot" she looked.  Tami then reached around and
began to playfully rub Charley's flat, bare midriff.

Charley, at this point, was almost overcome with joy imagining her new
life in high school.  She turned and kissed Tami on the cheek, thanking
her for everything that she had done for her.  A single tear trickled
down her face.

What happened next was unexpected:  Placing both hands on the sides of
Charley's face, Tami impulsively gave the 13-year-old a passionate
closed-mouth kiss that literally took Charley's breath away.

Tami was red-faced and apologized to Charley profusely, saying she had no
idea what had just come over her.  Flustered, but not upset, Charley
managed a smile and told Tami that it was O.K.  Charley admitted she was
"not really into boys," and admitted to Tami that she had wanted to kiss
her since she first saw her at the junior high assembly.  Both looked at
each other intently, wondering who would make the next move and what it
would be?

Tami was wearing a small, tight, black pair of dance shorts that
prominently displayed her full, athletic ass, and just a hint of moose
knuckles between her crotch.  Tami whipped off her simple t-shirt, which
revealed a lacy bra, and sat again on the bed.  Tami patted her thighs as
an encouragement for the 13-year-old to sit on her lap.

Charley's tiny, young ass felt good on Tami's bare thighs.  Tami had
adjusted Charley's skirt so that her pantied-bottom rested on Tami's
thighs.  Tami initiated another kiss on Charley's lips as Tami's hands
began exploring Charley's clothed upper torso.  Feeling the small bumps
beneath the cheer top, Tami lifted the top to just under Charley's chin
and began to kiss and rub her small breasts, taking each nipple between
her teeth, pulling and nibbling gently on Charley's pink booblets as both
girls softly moaned.

Tami lifted Charley's cheer skirt, and inserted her hand beneath
Charley's white panties. Charley's pubic area felt smooth and nearly
hairless as Tami's hands eagerly probed.  Charley's young pussy was
surprisingly warm to Tami's touch.  Charley gasped as a lone finger
penetrated her tight, tiny vagina.  Charley's legs trembled involuntarily
as Tami skillfully fingered the former 8th-grader.  Tami could feel
Charley getting wetter by the minute.

Charley removed her cheer top and asked her older cheer captain if she
could lay on the bed to become more comfortable.  Before she could move,
Tami had inserted one of Charley's hands underneath the top of her lacy
bra.  Tami's hand caressed the nipple of another girl for the very first
time.

Standing up to undress, Tami unhooked her bra to reveal her 34-B
breasts.  They were already tan-lined from the early summer sun.  Her
nipples were a light shade of brown and were fully aroused.  Tami was
wearing no panties when she removed her tight, black dance shorts.
Charley smiled as she saw that Tami's dark pubic hair was shaved into a
small, straight landing strip.

Charley was about to remove her red cheer skirt when Tami stopped her.
"I've always wanted to lick a cheerleader's pussy," Tami said with a
leering smile.

Maneuvering the young blonde onto her double bed, Tami flicked aside the
stuffed poodle to the floor.  Tami lifted the short, pleated skirt, and
slowly removed Charley's white cotton panties.

Charley's pubic area was smooth and soft, almost like a baby's, with just
a few strands of golden pubic hair.  Tami was in no hurry, and licked and
kissed around Charley's lean upper legs and inner thighs.  At last, a
probing tongue was followed by two hands which opened Charley's virgin
slit.  Tami had experience beyond her 17 years, and she adeptly used her
fingers and tongue to give Charley her first orgasm, which caused her
back to bend, and her hips to rise convulsively.

The two girls enjoyed the pleasures of each others bodies throughout the
night.  Tami had never before been so passionately consumed by such a
young girl.  Charley had never before experienced the rapture of lesbian
sex.  Making love to one of the prettiest girls in Mineville was a
special delight.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Tami's mother returned from her emergency room shift just before the sun
was due to come up.  Slowly opening the bedroom door to keep from waking
her sleeping 17-year-old stepdaughter, Charlotte peered in to check on
Tami, as she usually did when she came home from working a late shift.

Tami had forgotten to lock her bedroom door.  Her stepmother was
surprised to see Tami's naked body intertwined with a waifish, much
younger, naked blonde girl.  Charlotte, quickly and noiselessly closed
the door and walked to her own bedroom to sleep off the effects of her
12-hour shift at the hospital.

Charlotte wasn't one to confront her stepdaughter, and certainly didn't
want to traumatize both girls by making a dramatic scene.  She would
discuss it with Tami later... probably much later, as she didn't quite
know how to bring it up.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Charlotte had her own secrets.  At 41, she was a buxom, attractive,
strawberry blonde.  Many single men had tried to ask her out, but she was
always able to use the excuse of being a still-grieving widow with a
growing stepdaughter.

In truth, she had long since sought solace in the arms and bed of Tami's
pretty, 32-year-old cheer coach, Donna Reynolds.

There are few secrets in a small town like Mineville, so Charlotte and
Donna had been arranging their trysts at a motel three towns away since
Donna was in her early twenties.

In many ways, Donna still looked like the high school cheerleader that
she once was.  A work out fanatic, she was perhaps even more fit than she
was at 18 when she captained the Mineville cheer squad.  A pretty blonde,
who somewhat looked like an older version of Charley, many wondered why
the pretty waitress hadn't been snapped up by an eligible young man?

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Donna was tenderly caressing one of Charlotte's large, firm breasts as
they spooned together in the motel bed.  Charlotte had told Tami that she
would be attending an evening nursing seminar out of town, and for
convenience she would just spend the night in a motel.  As her stepmother
was often gone, Tami didn't give it much thought.

Charlotte understood that Donna was giving her the green light that she
was ready for another round of play.  Charlotte moved a breast to Donna's
waiting mouth, and began finger-fucking the blonde cheer coach with her
clean, closely-trimmed nails.  Donna sighed with delight.  Charlotte was
a skilled lover.

Charlotte had always been the aggressor in their relationship, and had
turned out the pretty ex-cheerleader when she was in her early 20's.
Donna had never looked back nor regretted it.

Donna was surprised when Charlotte asked her a serious question, as she
currently had two of Charlotte's fingers up her pussy.  "What do you know
about the new girl?"  Charlotte asked.  Donna knew immediately that
Charlotte was referring to the incoming freshman.

"Charley?"  Donna innocently asked, as she removed her mouth from
Charlotte's 38-D breast and looked questioningly at the older woman.
Charlotte nodded, but didn't reveal that she had caught Tami in bed naked
with the young girl.

"She's a little cutie," was Donna's initial response.  Donna leaned her
head on her left hand and began caressing Charlotte's curvy naked body
with her right hand, as Donna told the nurse about how Tami had been
mentoring the girl, and how Charley's father was a long-haul truck driver
who was usually on the road.

Donna then said, "I don't want to talk about kids.  I rarely get to see
you anymore.  You're always working."  Donna shifted her body between
Charlotte's legs and began gently humping the older woman from the
missionary position while they kissed.

If it were up to Donna, the two would get married and move out of
Mineville where they could start a new life as a couple.  Donna figured
that Charlotte's nursing skills would make her marketable almost
anywhere, and she could certainly get a waitressing job or something
better somewhere else.  Things were just too confining in Mineville.

Charlotte, however, had make it clear to her younger lover that seeing
Tami through her senior year was her first priority.  If Tami was
fortunate enough to be admitted to a college, then all things would be on
the table then.

Charlotte had a fetish, and it involved having Donna on her knees.
Rolling the younger girl over onto her stomach, Donna was aware of what
was coming next.  She got on all fours, and Charlotte began to alternate
licking Donna's pussy and anus.  Donna was quickly brought to orgasm by
the experienced strawberry blonde nurse.

As the two began to tire and prepare for sleep, Donna's head was
preoccupied by two thoughts:  Why was Charlotte asking about Charley?
Donna knew that Charlotte liked younger girls, she was a perfect
example.  Did she want to fuck cute, little Charley?

But the secret that she held deepest was that she and Tami had made love
on more than one occasion.  Tami's body was young and firm, and Donna had
enjoyed every second with the teenager.  If that secret got out would it
destroy her true-love relationship with Charlotte?

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

School had started, and Tami, Charley, and the other cheer squad girls
were, by definition, atop the Mineville High pyramid by virtue of their
performances at the football games and assemblies.  Each Friday they
would wear their short cheer uniforms to school, as if to remind everyone
who they were.

Charley, although a freshman, fit in with other girls easily.  She worked
hard to master their routines and was fearless when being tossed in the
air.  Weighing in at less than 100 lbs., Charley was an ideal high school
flyer.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

One day as Tami was walking home from school, her books packed heavily in
a red back pack, Tami was approached by the recently-graduated former
basketball player, Cindy Burke.  A pretty, 5'10" blonde, Cindy and Tami
had engaged in a brief, very secretive lesbian relationship.  Both would
have agreed that it was mostly about the sex.

Cindy had been unable to secure a scholarship to play basketball.  Her
parents were not in a position to even afford to send the 18-year-old to
a junior college.  Cindy knew that if she was ever going to make it out
of Mineville, and to get an education, she would have to earn it for
herself.  She needed a job.  Cindy had often confided her hopes and fears
to Tami, and had found warmth and understanding between Tami's pretty
cheerleader thighs.

Tami had been so busy with the cheer squad, and occasionally fucking
little Charley, that she hadn't give much time or attention to Cindy over
the past few months.  Cindy attempted to hold Tami's hand while telling
her how much she missed her.  Tami quickly shook off Cindy's hand and
began to look around.  Fortunately, the street was empty.

Tami led the slightly-older, slightly taller, girl to an alley where they
began to kiss.  Fearing that they would be caught, Tami broke things off
quickly.

Tami knew that her mother was home that afternoon, and that Cindy had a
houseful of younger brother and sisters.  Tami was unsure of where the
two could be together?  While she enjoyed having sex with Charley, there
were something irresistible about Cindy's mature body, 36-C breasts, and
delicious blonde pussy.

Tami had an idea, and whispered it in Cindy's ear.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Knowing that Donna's shift at the diner had already ended at 2:00 p.m.
The two girls walked to Donna's small, nearby apartment.  As everyone in
town knew, Donna was the cheer coach and Tami was the cheer captain.
Frequent meetings between the two would be considered normal and no
suspicion would be raised.

Hearing the knock, Donna opened her apartment door.  Seeing the two
attractive teens, Donna hoped that they were there for more than a purely
social call.

Tami answered her cheer coach's hopes by kissing Donna on the lips and
cooing, "We've never had a threesome before."  Donna drew the two teens
close, and began kissing each of them while pawing Cindy's breasts.

In what seemed like seconds, the trio were naked.  Tami and Cindy were
standing naked in front of the bed, while Donna, on her knees,
simultaneously finger-fucked the two fit teens.  Both orgasmed at almost
the same time following Donna's digital ministrations.  Donna then began
to lick Cindy's pussy as she continued to finger Tami.  She then
alternated with licking Tami and fingering Cindy before they all fell
into bed together.

It was all hands and tongues as the threesome awkwardly began.  It was if
all three were having lesbian sex for the first time, and were eagerly
exploring the bodies of their partners.

Tami, a natural leader, was the first to try to bring organization to the
chaos.  Positioning 5'10" Cindy on her back in the middle of the bed,
Tami and Donna assumed positions on each side of her.  Tami eagerly
sought out one of Cindy's C-cup breasts while gently rubbing Cindy's flat
tummy.

Donna, of course, knew the pretty blonde from the girl's basketball
games, but had no idea that the recent graduate was a lesbian or that she
was hooking up with Tami.  Donna told herself, "Today was pleasant
surprise."  She began French kissing the tall 18-year-old, while her
hands roamed around the body of her new, young lover.

Donna was the first to break off, parting Cindy's legs, she began to
perform expert cunnilingus on the teen, while stroking her curly,
brownish-blonde pubic hair.  Tami placed her pussy above Cindy's face, as
she looked on at Donna whose face was between Cindy's thighs, lapping
away happily.

Tami playfully pinched and pulled on Cindy's full breasts and nipples as
she was brought to a speedy orgasm by Cindy's hungry tongue, which had
regrettably gone unused on the cheer captain all summer.

Knowing that the girls would have to home before too long lest they raise
suspicions at home, Donna suggested that they try something that she had
seen on a Porn site on the internet.  It was called a Daisy Chain.

The girls formed a circle on the bed, with Donna's head between Cindy's
legs, Cindy's head between Tami's, and Tami's head between Donna's legs.
It was awkward at first, but eventually all three girls experienced at
least one orgasm.

Donna was having trouble keeping her hands off of Cindy's naked body as
the two girls tried to get dressed.  Cindy, an adult, promised that she
would return.  Hearing that Cindy was in need of a job, Donna offered her
a waitressing job at the diner, which Cindy readily accepted.  Donna
looked forward to seeing the pretty blonde teen on a regular basis.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

As the two teens left, the still-naked Donna began to finger herself as
she lustily remembered what had just taken place.  She lamented that her
relationship with Charlotte was probably doomed to go nowhere.  She
longed for a "normal" lesbian relationship where she no longer had to
hide in some motel room three towns away.

Donna knew that she would eventually have to leave Mineville to be happy.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Charlotte had a rare Saturday off work when little Charley knocked on the
door.  She was wearing her red cheer outfit and looked cute as a button.
It was an unusually hot fall day, and Charlotte was trying to beat the
heat by wearing just a small pair of shorts and a halter top.  Her
stomach was surprisingly flat for a 41-year-old woman.  The hectic pace
of the ER kept her in shape.

Charlotte wasn't planning to go anywhere that day, as she had loaned the
car to Tami, so she was dressed very casually within her own modest
house.

"Is Tami home?"  The cute, blonde 13-year-old asked.  "I'm sorry honey,"
Charlotte responded.  "She's taking a class today in Marysville to
prepare for her SAT test next month."  Charley looked disappointed and
lowered her eyes.  Seeing this, Charlotte invited the young girl into the
house for a cooling glass of ice tea.

Charlotte gave the petite blonde teen the once over.  She was really
quite cute for age, and had attractive, lean legs, and what she imagined
must be a cute little butt underneath her cheer skirt.

As Charley began to relax and enjoy her ice tea, Charlotte noticed the
young girl taking surreptitious glances at her fit figure and 38-D
natural breasts.  Charlotte wanted to relax Charley, so she began to ask
her innocuous questions like, "What is Charley short for?"  "What are you
favorite classes in school?" "Who is your favorite teacher?"  Charlotte
paused when Charley answered that her favorite teacher was Charlotte's
secret lover, "Miss (Donna) Reynolds," who was not really a teacher but
the cheer coach.

As the two spoke, Charlotte poured the girl more tea, and began to rub
Charley's shoulders, making sure that her large breasts brushed against
the back and head of the golden-haired freshman girl.  Then Charlotte
dropped the bombshell:

"I understand that you and Tami have a rather intimate friendship?"
Charlotte's hands moved from Charley's shoulders to the small bumps
protruding from her cheer top.  Charley was stunned into silence as
Tami's stepmother began to feel her up.

"I don't want to make a big deal about it, honey, because I think that
you and I could be special friends too," Charlotte continued.  She was
now kissing and licking Charley's neck as she continued massaging
Charley's A-cup breasts over her cheer top.

Charley was envisioning the nightmare scenario of a phone call to her
father, and Charlotte implying that his tomboy daughter had seduced her
virginal stepdaughter.  What would Martha think?  What would the whole
school think?  What would the whole town think?!

Seeing the dazed look on Charley's face and imagining the wheels rolling
round and round in her pretty little head, Charlotte upped the ante by
undoing her halter top and unveiling her large, delicious breasts to the
young girl.

Charley was still seated at the kitchen table when Charlotte bent down
and proffered a boob to Charley's mouth.  Realizing that she had passed
the point of no return, Charley licked and sucked on Charlotte's breasts
hungrily.  Charley's cute ponytail swayed gently from side-to-side as she
feasted on Charlotte's large breasts, which appeared to be twice the size
of Tami's.

Charlotte extended her hand to the young girl and led her to the second
floor master bedroom.  Charlotte swiftly undressed little Charley before
removing her own shorts and panties.

Removing the teens' red Spanks and panties, Charlotte gasped with delight
as she uncovered Charley's little slit and nearly bald pubic area.
Charlotte's right hand slipped between Charley's legs as she began to rub
the 13-year-old's pussy.

Charley's little chest heaved with nervousness as the older woman
caressed her naked body.  Assuring the young girl that she had nothing to
fear, Charlotte gave Charley a tender kiss on the lips as her finger
performed circles around one of Charley's pink nipples and areola.  With
Tami gone for the better part of the day, Charlotte was determined to
take it slow and sure with the 13-year-old temptress.

Charlotte climbed on the bed, spread her legs, and beckoned the young
girl to lay on top of her.  Clutching Charley's firm, tiny ass, Charlotte
forced their crotches together.  Charley quickly understood the concept.
Increasing her speed and intensity, there were audible slapping sounds in
the bedroom as Charley brought all 95 lbs. of her tiny body to bear
against Charlotte's pelvic area.

Charley had mastered a new technique, the missionary position, and she
grinned from ear-to-ear as Charlotte continued to clutch her little ass.

Charlotte rolled the youngster onto her stomach and massaged lotion into
her smooth back and tiny bubble-butt.  Charley twitched as Charlotte's
hand went between Charley's legs, making one slow, smooth stroke from
almost her abdomen all the way through her clenched butt-cheeks.

Charlotte placed two pillows underneath the teen in order to elevate her
pretty backside.  Charlotte tenderly kissed Charley's athletic young ass
before spreading her cheeks and penetrating Charley's nearly-bald pussy
with her tongue.  Charley involuntarily bucked her legs as the skillful
older woman was able to quickly bring her to an an orgasm.

The 13-year-old was startled when Charlotte's tongue entered her anus.
Charley was not anticipating this in the least.  Charlotte had to hold
the youngster in place until she began to learn to enjoy it.  Seeing that
Charley was now well-lubed, Charlotte got up off the bed and reached into
a nearby drawer.  There were an assortment of dildos, strap-on's, and
other sex toys inside.

Choosing the small of the dildos in her collection, Charlotte inserted it
into the harness-like strap-on.  Charley couldn't see what what was going
on behind her as she continued to lay propped up on the pillows.
Charlotte put some lube on her hand. and rubbed it on the dildo.

Charley jumped and gave a tiny scream when Charlotte inserted a lubed
index finger into her anus.  Charlotte shushed her and told her to be
still.  The dildo might hurt for a minute, but she assured the teen she
would enjoy it.

Charley braced herself and clutched the bedcovers.  Charlotte entered
with the dildo very slowly.  Charley was able to accept the entry
centimeter by centimeter until Charlotte felt that the the thin 4" dildo
was in sufficiently deep into Charley's petite body.

The 13-year-old moaned in surprise and ecstasy as Charlotte began to
develop a rhythm.  Charlotte reached under Charley's body to grab her
small breasts as penetrated the young girl from behind.  Charley never
knew that she could have an orgasm from that position, but she did.

Charley's ass was sore, but she managed to eat out Charlotte's
41-year-old pussy, and once again play with her 38-D tits before
returning home.

The pain lasted until the next day.  When asked what was wrong, Charley
ironically explained that she had a "Charley Horse" from cheer practice.


>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Charlotte and Tami eventually had an open talk about their lesbianism,
and specifically their continued desire to have sex with now 14-year-old
Charley.

Charley was brought in for a frank conversation and asked which lover she
wanted to continue with.  Charley asked, "Why do I need to decide between
you?"

Charley would continue to be a frequent visitor to the Reese home
throughout Tami's senior year, alternately having sex with both Tami and
Charlotte.

With their sexual preferences now in the open, there were no jealousies
as Donna and Cindy were invited over to share the hospitality of the
Reese women as well.  And on one magic occasion, little Charley was
invited to a five-girl orgy that they would all remember for the rest of
their lives.

Tami would enroll in State U in the fall, majoring in Economics.  She
would meet a pretty girl from the college swim team and they would move
in together.

Charlotte continued to be consumed by her job, and understood when Donna
began to spend more and more time with Cindy.

Cindy and Donna would eventually move to Philadelphia and get married.
Together, they opened up a small boutique restaurant that featured
breakfast and lunch.

Martha would grow out of her awkward adolescence and trimmed down to be a
pretty girl.  She and Charley continued to be best friends, and Martha
would have a steady boyfriend by her junior year of high school.

As a sophomore, Charley decided to come out to her father.  He didn't
seem to be particularly surprised or hurt, and kissed her on the
forehead.  This emboldened her to come out to her classmates.  As Charley
was already a popular cheerleader, most took the news in stride.

Charley was surprised that so many pretty girls wanted to date her.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

The End

Please support this wonderful site.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 63: my-early-years 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 08 Feb 2000 14:34:08 CST
From: C. Larkin <larkin47@hotmail.com>
Subject: My Early Years

"My Early Years"

A Fictional Memoir

By C. Larkin

I don't quite recall when I had my first sexual awakening. Perhaps it
occurred when I was a five year-old, taking a bath. I remember toys floating
around in the warm soapy water, jostling and bumping my wet, sensitive skin.
When they occasionally rubbed between my legs as I played, I felt a small,
but delicious tickle. I remember trying to sit on one or two, holding them
under the water and then letting them slip out from under me and laughing as
they popped out of the water, making a little splash.

Some of the toys I sat on were softer and smoother than others, and these I
would sit on longer, squirming around as their rubber texture pressed up
against my privates, creating a tingling feeling that didn't make me laugh,
but felt oh, so pleasant.

I definitely awakened sexually when I was six (or was I seven?), and Mrs.
James, our baby sitter, would bathe me. She was an attractive, but quiet
woman, with brown hair. Divorced, she sat for me on certain evenings to make
some extra money. I remember she would take an active interest in my bath
time, helping me to undress and having me stand naked next to her as she
filled the tub with warm water. She liked to wash me, stroking my upper
torso with the wet wash cloth as she talked and I played with the toys.
Then, Mrs. James would have me stand while she washed my legs and finally
between my legs, first with the cloth and then, "to get really clean" she
would say, with her bare hands and soap.

I giggled the first time she did this. But later on, I remember feeling
flush and giddy, as Mrs. James rhythmically washed me down there. Her soapy
hands would glide back and forth, gently caressing my tender pubic area and
then further down, finally touching my little rosebud in the rear.
Sometimes, when she washed me this way for a while, I felt a sensation well
up inside that made me want to pee. My little hips would be begin to move
and buck against her hand and eventually I would feel quite breathless.

After this happened, Mrs. James would smile and quietly tell me that I was
now quite clean and the bath was over. I would then jump out of the bath and
run around the house naked. Finally, Mrs. James would corner and grab me,
laughing and giggling the entire time. She would pick me up and then sit
down in a chair with me in her lap. Sometimes she read books, other times
she told stories, but always she would cuddle my nude body to her bosom.

Once, just once during my bath, I got silly and filled my palms with soap
suds and brushed them on to Mrs. James shirt, right over her breasts. Very
calmly, she said, "Oh my, you've gotten me wet. I guess I'll have to take my
shirt off." I watched in amazement as she stripped to her waist, and
continued to bathe me, her slightly sagging breasts hanging over the side of
the tub. Feeling bolder, I reached down and grabbed two more handfuls of
suds and brushed them over her nipples. She just laughed and suggested I
wash them off with my hands.

I rubbed my hands over the warm skin of her breasts, picking up and holding
them in my small palms. I watched how her nipples began to protrude when I
stroked them with soap. All the time, Mrs James laughed and joked with me,
never stopping me as I played with her. After the bath, Mrs. James asked
that I keep our bath time fun a secret. But one day, I somehow let it slip
out to my mother that I had seen Mrs. James' breasts. A few more questions
and everything came tumbling out. That was the last I saw of Mrs. James.

Without my favorite babysitter, I was on my own for a while. I continued
playing with my toys in the bath and washed myself quite thoroughly between
the legs, but it wasn't quite the same. Later I discovered that by
straddling some furniture and rubbing them between my legs,I could bring on
"that urge to pee," I felt when Mrs. James used to bathe me.

Once, my mother caught me doing this and told me it was naughty and to stop.
But all her harsh words did was make me more careful. If mom was in the
backyard or downstairs doing wash, I would tiptoe into the living room and
straddle a certain chair, which had a velvet-like armrest. My thoughts would
turn dreamy as I brushed my little clit back and forth across the textured
cloth, bringing out a tingling sensation that warmed the insides of my
thighs.

When I was eleven, I became good friends with Linda, who was a year older
and much more worldly than I. One day, she told me how she had seen her
mother and father naked in bed. "What were they doing," I asked excitedly.
"Something to do with having babies," she replied. Then Linda described in
lurid detail how her father put his penis, which she said was enormous, much
bigger than her little brother's, between her mom's legs and laid on top of
her, and began moving around.

"What else happened," I asked with increasing curiosity. Linda, her eyes
gleaming, said her mom kept sighing and then cried out. She thought her dad
had hurt her mom, but later her mom kept saying how good how good it felt,
so Linda knew she was alright. My imagination was inflamed by Linda's
narrative. I kept picturing naked bodies rubbing against each other. It made
me feel flush and warm. My thighs began to tingle. Then Linda suggested I
come to her house for a sleepover and maybe we could spy on her parents. The
next few days were a whirl of anticipation, my mind feverish with thoughts
of seeing naked grownups cavorting about Linda's house.

Finally, the sleep over arrived and Linda and I, dressed in our nighties,
waited in her room, giggling, laughing and talking in hushed voices about
what we might see. As the evening wore on and nothing happened, our patience
grew thinner, while my own frustration began to mount. Finally, I grew tired
and fell asleep. It seemed like hours later, but actually no more than 30 or
40 minutes had passed when Linda shook me, telling me to come on, she heard
something.  Still groggy, I followed her and soon we were tiptoeing down the
hallway. We crept up to her parent's door and stopped.

Behind the door, I could hear a slight scrunching or squeaking noise and a
muffled voice that was repeating something rhythmically. Ever so quietly,
Linda crawled over to the keyhole and peeked in. She looked for what seemed
like an eternity until finally, she put her finger to her lips and beckoned
me to come over.

I put my eyes to the hole and for a moment saw nothing, yet could clearly
hear somebody grunting. Slowly, with my heart beating wildly, my eyes began
to adjust to the low light and I could make out moving shapes. Finally, when
everything came into focus, I found myself confused. Expecting to see
Linda's father lying naked on top of her mom, I was quite surprised to see
just the opposite: Linda's mom sitting on top of her dad, her legs
straddling his waist. Mostly, she was leaning over, so I just saw her rear
end moving up and down. As she rose up, I could vaguely make out something
thick and long between her. It appeared and disappeared as her rear end rose
and fell. I guessed this was the father's penis. Throughout it all, I heard
voices, one panting, the other grunting and occasionally sighing. Meanwhile,
Linda was rapidly tapping and pulling on shoulder.

Reluctantly, I moved aside as Linda retook her position by the keyhole. My
excitement was indescribable, as I waited for my turn to peek. Soon, I could
hear the grunting and sighing grow louder, followed by someone murmuring,
"Oh God, yes," over and over. Linda moved away from the keyhole and I got up
to take my turn, but as she turned, she whispered, "They're finished, let's
go."

Disappointed, but worried that I might get caught peeking, I quickly
followed Linda back to her bedroom. We jumped into bed and for a moment
neither of us said a thing. I realized I was shaking from what I had
witnessed. I had a terrible urge to rub myself and I thought surely Linda
felt the same. What happened next caused my head to spin even more.

I can't quite recall who suggested it first, but somehow, with our young
bodies excited by the spectacle, we decided to copy Linda's parents. In the
dark, we removed our night shirts and panties. Linda instructed me to lie
down and open my legs wide. She took the man's position and lay on top of
me. Slowly, awkwardly, Linda began sliding her warm, naked body over mine.
"I saw my parents kiss," she whispered and then kissed me lightly on the
lips.

We didn't know what we were doing, but it was the most thrilling thing I had
ever experienced in my life. As Linda lay on top of me, we kissed and
touched each other. Occasionally, our pubes would rub against each other and
I would feel a jolt of pleasure as it happened. The experience was exciting,
forbidding, and for Linda quite orgasmic. I remember lying there, looking up
at Linda her eyes gleaming in the soft, night light that streamed in from
her window. She continued to rub her herself against me and I noticed she
was beginning to sigh and moan softly just as her mother did. Then her
eyelids fluttered and she moved spasmodically, as her body shuddered several
times. Finally, she lay still and just said, "Wow!"

Several more times that year, Linda and I acted out our  lovemaking during
sleepovers. We took turns lying on top, moving our naked bodies back and
forth and kissing each other. Once, when it was my turn to be on top, I
copied what I saw through the keyhole, and straddled Linda. I liked it,
because I could bring more pressure to bear between my legs and, for the
first time, was able to achieve an orgasm in this position.

Later, back at home, I tried to recreate what happened by using pillows for
Linda's body. I experimented and finally found that sitting on top of two
fluffy pillows did the trick. I would pull off my panties and slowly glide
my clit across the soft pillows between my legs. The light brushing action
was just enough to excite my nerves and bring on a satisfactory climax.  The
only drawback was that the pillow case was often wet from my juices by the
time I was done.

My friendship with Linda drifted apart when she began to show interest in
boys, while I remained indifferent to the opposite sex. Once again, I was on
my own, but had become quite adept at masturbating. Because my mother began
wondering aloud why my pillows smelled funny, I began using my fingers
regularly. By the time I was thirteen, my body was undergoing changes and
often I would strip naked and gaze at myself in the full-length mirror which
hung in my room.

It wasn't long before I added a new dimension to my world of self-pleasure,
which was to masturbate in front of the mirror. I liked watching how my body
would flicker with the heat of sexual passion as I aroused myself. I could
watch my nipples grow erect, my neck and throat turn flush red and, most
excitingly, my clit and pussy swell ever so slightly. Finally, as the climax
approached, I would watch my face contort and my hips buck uncontrollably as
the pleasure washed over me.

Like any hot-blooded teenager, thoughts of sex and masturbation played a
leading role in my life, but it remained intensly private. I lacked the
looks to attract boys and was too timid to pursue them myself. Quite
honestly, they didn't interest me too much. Instead, I fantasized about my
friendship with Linda, which, by now, seemed so long ago.

One day, while in a store, I accidentally bumped into a customer and when
our eyes met, I saw a face from my past. "Oh, Mrs. James, what I surprise,"
I said, with a catch in my voice. I was 17 now, and despite nearly 10 years
since I last saw her, she looked remarkably the same. I guessed she was now
in her late forties, but was still an attractive woman. She, of course,
didn't recognize me at first and was quite flabbergasted to realize who I
was.

We exchanged bits of information about each other, and I blushed when she
asked how my mother was. I never knew what my mother had said to her to
terminate her baby sitting job with us. She, on the other hand, showed no
sign of embarrassment about the past. As I said goodbye, She paused and
pulled out a pen and quickly scribbled her phone number on a piece of paper
and handed it to me. "Call if you ever feel like talking," she said and then
turned and left the store.

For the next week, I debated what to do. There was no misunderstanding what
her invitation might mean. When I realized I couldn't stop thinking about
her, I finally called. She invited me over for tea next Saturday. I borrowed
my parents car that day and drove to her home, which was on the other side
of town, where the houses were smaller and less expensive.

My pulse was racing when I arrived, but Mrs. James soon put me at ease,
offering cakes and cookies with tea. I talked about all I had been up to for
the past 10 years and my still, unfocused plans for the future. She beamed
at me, and remarked more than once on how much I had changed and grown

Slowly, we began to run out of things to say and I felt the mystery of our
reunion was about to evaporate, when she asked if I remembered the baths she
used to give me. I blushed and said yes, they had been fun and I was sorry
she stopped coming. Then I confessed to her that I had gotten her fired when
I accidentally mentioned to my mother how I got her shirt wet.

Mrs. James could see I was a little agitated, and told me not to worry, she
had soon found work elsewhere, even though she missed me. Then, Mrs. James
came over and sat down next to me and, touching me hair and hands, asked
ever so quietly, if I still thought about the baths. I hesitated, and then
nervously nodded my head.

Without saying another word, she took my hand and led me to her bathroom.
"Fill the tub, while I change," she instructed and then closed the door with
a smile. When she returned several minutes later, she had on a bathrobe and
nothing else. I had filled the bath with hot water, taken my clothes off and
stepped in.

"No toys this time," she said. "Let me just help you wash." And so, like a
flashback, I found myself once again in a bathtub with Mrs. James leaning
over the edge, gently washing me. First she washed my upper torso, including
my breasts. When she gestured for me to stand so she could wash my legs, I
realized I was much too tall, so I knelt in front of her. I placed my hands
on her shoulders to steady myself as.her soapy hands gently stroked my
thighs and finally my now dripping slit.

My body shook and shivered from the excitement of what was happening. It was
like old times, only better. Finally, unable to hold back any longer, I
gently pulled down her robe and for the second time began touching Mrs.
James' breasts. They looked just as beautiful as I remembered. I lifted one
in my hand, leaned over, and began sucking on the nipple.

Mrs. James sighed, yet continued to massage her soapy hands between my legs.
I could feel the tension build inside me as her stroking became rhythmic.
Just like when I was a child, my hips began bucking involuntarily against
her hands and suddenly I moaned deeply and pulled her close to me as I felt
the waves of orgasmic pleasure convulse through my body.

When I calmed down, Mrs. James led me from the bathroom to her bed and
there, she removed her robe and lay down. I instinctively knew what to do,
and so parted her legs and began making love with my tongue. Within minutes,
Mrs. James was sighing, while her body heaved and her legs locked me tightly
to her as she came over and over. By the time I finally stopped, my mouth
was dripping with the nectar released by her pussy in the throes of passion.

I pulled myself between her quivering thighs and, as Linda and I once did, I
lay on top of Mrs. James, kissing her deeply and passionately, my hands
fondling her breasts, tweaking and pulling the nipples until they were
erect. We embraced each other tightly and then rolled over on to our sides,
allowing our hands and fingers room to play with other's inflamed buttons
until our bodies once again shook with the fever of passion and desire. It
went on and on. Each orgasmic peak seemed to top the last one until I cried
out, "Oh my god, yes," over and over, just as I had heard Linda's mother
utter while I peeped through the bedroom keyhole. Finally, at some point, I
fell asleep in Mrs. James arms, like so many years ago, naked, snuggled
closely to her bosom.

The End

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 64: my-friend-julie 
---------------------------------------- 
MY FRIEND JULIE

My name is Rose Brooks I'll be 40 in 2 weeks and married. I would like
to share with you my first Bi sexual experience. An experience that I
had when I was 14. It seems so long ago I have never talked about it
with anyone.

During that summer break on my 14th birthday, my friend Julie and I
spent alot of time together. We slept over at each others houses every
weekend and almost evry other day. I was sort of nieve I guess and so
was she. We were both virgins but of course we always had boys on our
minds.

On one such night, hotter than hell we were camped out on the floor in
sleeping bags in  her rec room watching tv and eating junk. On some of
the prior nights that she or I had slept over, we had gotten into my
daddys booze and this night, we were drinking some of her father's
liquor. As usuall we started talking about the guys at school and girl
stuff when she said that her brother was away for the weekend and that
he had some real cool skin books. She hurried to get them and we
giggled and started looking at them. We posed in our teddys and
pretended that we were the models, it was funny but after awhile I
jumped back under my sleeping bag and she into hers. We still looked
at the mags and exchanged therm, he must have had around 20 of them.
We giggled at some of the girl on girl ones and we wondered how such
big dicks could go into little holes without hurting. I began to play
with myself under my sleeping bag. Unknown to me until later, Julie
was doing the same thing. Both Julie and I were virgins still at 14 !
imagine that today! I began playing with myself at 12 but it was
something we never talked about. I was getting excited under my
sleeping bag and as I saidit, took off my teddy she said good idea and
decided to do the same, "you don't want to sleep without a cover on in
case her dad comes down or something so I figured it best to undress
and stay under the sleeping bag.

She said that she got so horny looking at the pictures that she was
sweating hot that's why she removed her teddy as well. I told her the
same thing and with that I began to touch myself commenting how horny
I was, Icouldn't help it.
Maybe the booze was in effect and Julie was touching herself as well
under her sleeping bag while we looked at the mags. We were getting
very excited and we mutually masterbated until we came. Before then,
we never talked about playing with ourselfves but it was obvious that
we both had been doing it for some time. Now we were doing it
together, it was a real turn on.

I felt a little guilty and regretful the next morning but by Monday, I
was over it. The following Wednesday I slept over at her house again
and of course it didn't take long for us to sneak some mags out to
look at. I was hoping we would and I think she did to. We  played with
ourselves again that night and we even touched each other's boobs to
compare to see who's were harder. I or she didn't have the nerve to
make the first move although now of course I knew she was thinking the
same thing. I think I always did have a little crush on her...her
beautiful long brown hair and a nice shape, I wanted to look more like
her  but never really thought of her in that way. This is where your
story hit me. With us feeling ourselves up and rolling around her dog
got up from his mat and started to bark. Her dog a german sheppard
was always in the room us as usual but this time we were nude. Cocoa
started sniffing around and Julie put her muff right in his face. To
her surprise, he darted his tonque out at it and licked it! this
starttled Julie and she jumped, we looked at each other and laughed. 

We said "lets try to get cocoa to lick us,. Needless to say I was so
horny at the thought and a little scared. We tried and tried but he
wasn't going to to do it. Julie even tried to play with his little
dick but no action. Needless to say Cocoa would not play and we
started talking about how dogs and animals do it and we just got
hornier. We masterbated ourselves until we came and we went to sleep. 
Over the years I've wondered what it would be like to be licked and
fucked by a dog and as of 2 years ago, I found out what it was like to
eaten by another girl. 

Rose

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 65: my-friend-lily 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 18 Oct 2002 01:53:04 -0400
From: Crimson
Subject: My Friend Lily (f/f)

Notice:
I would like my email removed from the story. Also, this story involves a
dog and a girl, but it is mostly girl-on-girl so I would prefer it to be in
the Lesbian Young Friends category. I am also the author of Pool Pals
(Lesbian Incest), just incase you need to know that.

My Friend Lily
By Crimson

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit
sexual acts of incest between a teenager, her friend, and her dog.  If this
type of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

We had just gotten a cute black lab and my stupid sister insisted on naming
it Gigi. I really didn't care, so we let her. Unfortunately, I was stuck
with her most of the day so I decided on training her to sit & stay, you
know, the basics. But one day while everyone was out of the house, I was
lying on my bed naked. I was listening to music and had my eyes closed
because I was so relaxed. I didn't even feel the bed jump when Gigi climbed
onto it. I never would have realized she was there except for one
thing. She went down and started eating me like never before. Her long,
warm tongue glided in and out of my unprepared pussy. I was so shocked! I
opened my eyes and jolted upward. Gigi looked up at me for a moment, then
went back to my now very horny cunt. She licked everywhere. She licked my
ass crack and all up in my newly grown pubic hairs. I was so hot I couldn't
believe it! I never even stopped to think ' I'm getting turned on by a dog
fucking me '. I was engulfed in the beastly ecstasy of the entire
situation. My hands suddenly shot downward and pulled the small puppy up
onto my bare chest. I opened my mouth and she french kissed me. I could
taste my cum on her tiny pink tongue. I made out with the dog for like 10
minutes. I then had an idea. I ran to the kitchen and got a knife and some
peanut butter. I ran back to my room and locked the door. I opened the jar
and plunged the knife into it. I smeared peanut butter all over my hard,
erect nipples. I put down the peanut butter and directed Gigi's mouth to my
large, C-cup breasts. Her tongue flew over and around my nipples, get every
scrap. I was in heaven. I then had another idea. Lately, my friend Lily and
I had gotten very friendly with each other and even started making out and
doing strip teases for each other. But, we'd never actually gone all the
way. She lived just across the street, so I called her. I told her to come
over and just go into my room without knocking. I unlocked the door and
anticipated her arrival. About 5 minutes later, I heard the front door open
and close.

" Anybody home? " Lily called.

" In here hottie. " was my reply.

I heard her giggle and the doorknob began to turn. As the door opened, Lily
froze when she saw Gigi licking my bare breasts.

" What are you doing?!?! " she asked in a puzzled yet excited voice.

" Making out with the dog! " I said.

She laughed and began to strip of her clothes. She removed her small black
skirt and unbuttoned her small white shirt. This exposed a matching red bra
and thong set.

" God you look hot " I gasped, pulling her onto the bed.

I unsnapped her bra and threw it to the floor. Gigi ran out of the room,
apparently bored. I fondled Lily's large, gorgeous breasts. She licked the
remainder of the peanut butter off my chest as I shrieked in pleasure. I
slid off her thong and ran my fingers through her silky red bush. I moved
down and ran my tongue through her beautiful pussy hair as she began to
moan. I spread her legs wide apart and buried my face in her fat, hairy
cunt. I began to suck and lick every inch of her pussy.

" OH MY GOD, DON'T STOP! " she screamed as she wiggled in erotic pleasure.

After about 25 minutes, she sat up and claimed it was her turn. I smiled
and layed down on the bad. She spread her legs and sat on my stomach. I
could feel her wet pussy on my body. She began grinding against me while
fondling my dark, erect nipples. She moved down and ate me out even better
than Gigi! I shrieked and moaned as I began to cum. She moved up and
grinned.

" I brought something else over " she said.

" What? " I asked curiously.

She reached into her handbag and pulled out a 6 or 7 inch dildo. I told her
to go for it and got on my hands and knees. She strapped it on and began
humping and grinding against me. I grunted as the dildo slid into my tight
asshole. After about 20 minutes of putting the dildo in every hole on my
body, we switched and I did the same to Lily. Two hours later, she finally
had to go. We had a final goodbye kiss and off she went.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 66: my-love 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 26 Jun 1999 05:09:47 -0700
From: sam <the_one_from_below@angelfire.com>
Subject: My Love (lesbian, young friendships--relationships)

Disclaimer--if you don't like it, don't read it. Easy! :)
---

My Love
by Samantha (the_one_from_below)
Part 1--Kara
-

I can't stand this torture anymore. If she licks her lips one more time,
I'm gonna scream.

She is so beautiful. She is Kara, and she is my best friend. For the fifth
time in the last six days we were skipping school and hanging out under the
bridge together. She was busy moaning about some guy that she had met. They
had messed around and then he left her because she wanted him to commit and
be her boyfriend.

I feel so bad for her, and also angry at her for being so blind to my
feelings. She keeps searching and searching for someone to love her, but
all she finds are hot but dumb guys who want her for her body. She doesn't
seem to know it, but she is so delicate--as glass--and like glass, she gets
cracked from the mis-handling of the careless guys who she lets paw her
around. She needs someone to hold her and cherish her, to worship her for
the wonderful, special girl that she is. She has a gorgeous body, but my
feelings for her go much deeper than just physical attraction. She has a
presence, a kind of aura that draws other people to her. Her laugh is
infectious and lovely when she isn't trying self-consciously to change it.

She is always looking for someone, but she never looks my way. I always
joke with her, and I've proposed to her at least twice. She tries on
clothes right in front of me and brushes away my gasps of awe at her beauty
with comments of demeaning self-worthlessness. Just the sight of her makes
me feel like I'm both in heaven and in hell at the same time. When she
eats, I feel like dying while watching her fantastic mouth, or maybe just
knocking her down on the table, spilling food everywhere, and just kiss her
so deep that I can taste her soul. When we are together all I can think of
is how much I wish I could just put my arms around her and hold her close
and breathe in the smell of her hair. So much of our time together she
spends depressed, and she has such low self-esteem. I wish there was some
way I could tell her how much I love her and not lose her.

---

"I gotta pee."

"So go pee. There's a bathroom in Wal-mart."

"Are you kidding? That's, like, a mile away!"

"So go in the water then." I replied, pointing to the river that was
rushing next to us.

I leaned back against a rock and stared at the underside of the bridge. The
roaring of the river filled my ears, but it wasn't loud enough to drown out
what was going through my head.

I felt cloth smack my arm and I sat up and shot Kara an incredulous look.

"And what exactly am I supposed to do with these?" I asked, holding up her
"Thursday" underwear on one pinky.

"Watch them for me." She replied, squatting down over the water. Eww, I had
meant out of my view, thank you.

"Watch them do what? Are they going to dance?"

She laughed in reply. Not wanting to appear odd (odder than usual, anyway),
I studied the graffiti on the wall, the rocks, the underside of the bridge,
everywhere but where I so desperately wanted to look.

I heard a moan and my eyes whipped to look at her. She was washing herself
in the river, having squatted lower, and the water was rushing rapidly
through her open legs.

"Wow, this feels good." She sighed and closed her eyes for a second.

I couldn't take it anymore. This was too much, watching my crush get
aroused by the water touching her in places I would never get to feel. This
was way, way too much for me to deal with. I got up quickly and ran to the
other side of the supporting wall at the end of the bridge. I heard
splashing and then wet feet smacking the pavement as she ran after me.

"Samantha, what's wrong?" She asked worriedly. She hadn't rolled her skirt
back down and I could see drops of water glistening in the nest of her
pubic hair.

I don't know what prompted me to do what I did next. I must have had a
sixth sense. Sometimes I wonder if it was just the arousal of the water
that made her open to my invitation, or if she had felt this way all along.

Moving seemingly by itself, my hand stroked through her hair--not the hair
I long to feel, but her beautiful blond tresses that were out of their
customary up-with-butterflies `do. I stared at my hand like I'd never seen
it before as it pulled through that shining hair, my other hand slipping
around her waist and pulling her slowly toward me. She resisted for a split
second, and my heart stopped, but then she moved and pressed against me
willingly. Her arms wrapped around my neck and pulled me closer and closer.

I placed both hands on her waist like I had laid at night fantasizing about
for the past year. I licked my lips and looked into her eyes. A look of
mutual consent passed between us, and we kissed. It was all I had ever
dreamed of, and more. The taste of her mouth was exquisite and the feel of
her tongue slipping over mine was beyond description.

Finally, I pulled away, breathless, and softly pushed her back against the
wall, my fingers stroking lightly over her shirt where her breasts pushed
at the light cotton shirt she wore. Her nipples got hard at the stimulation
and poked out of the fabric. I pushed her shirt up and moved my mouth over
her upper body, relishing the taste of her salty skin. I flicked my tongue
lightly over her breast and as I sucked at her nipple, my fingers stroked
downward and pressed between her legs. She loosened the muscles in her
thighs and spread her legs apart to give my fingers more access. I probed
one finger into her hot wetness and she moaned. This moan excited me even
more than the one at the river did, possibly because this time it was me
causing it.

I bit at her chest gently and she moaned again, pulling away from the wall
and arching her back. She pulled me to the ground with her and lay back
with her legs spread wide open for me. I stared, mesmerized by what lay
before me, then buried my face between her legs, sucking and licking at her
clit. She moaned and writhed on the ground and her fingers scraped into the
dirt, pulling up small pebbles as she breathed heavily into the hot June
air.

I slowed down and sped up, torturing her body with sensations she had never
felt before. I pulled her clit lightly between my teeth and flicked my
tongue back and forth over it quickly. Kara sat up on her elbows, squeezing
her legs together, trapping my head where it was (not like I even wanted to
leave that position, anyway). She put one hand on the back of my head and
pushed her pussy harder into my mouth. I responded by eating her more
vigorously and viciously. Her whole body shook and she let out one long
moan as she came.

I sat back, perched on my knees, and looked at her. She was breathing
slowly now and had her eyes half-closed. She looked more content than I had
ever seen her. Even after what I had just done, I was still afraid that I
might lose her, but she smiled at me and that smile reassured me that all
was well.

I stood up and offered her my hand to help her up. She didn't let go of my
hand as we walked back toward the river. She didn't let go even as we
walked back toward the school to catch our buses. Some people gave us some
funny looks, especially when she turned and kissed me when we were stopped
at a corner. There were only a few days of school left and then a whole
summer of possibilities. I gazed at this goddess holding my hand beside me
and I thought of the months ahead the way a small child thinks of
christmas. Who knows what wonderful present I was going to unwrap next?

As we parted ways for our separate buses she touched my arm and whispered,
"I'll call you tonight." And then she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and
was gone.

I can't believe this! This is terrific! In my mind I saw calendar pages
turning--June, July, August. Three months of freedom. Three months with
Kara. Kara, my best friend. Kara, the girl that I love.

-TBC

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 67: my-mum-is-a-bitch 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 8 Apr 2018 11:22:06 -0700
From: Misty Meadow <twinkletwat.uk@gmail.com>
Subject: My Mum is a Bitch

My Mum is a Bitch
By Misty Meadow

My mum is a bitch!  I hate her, the fucking cow!  Nothing I do is ever
right.  She tries to control every minute of my life, demanding that I grow
up to be a respectable lady.  She's not above slapping my face over some
trivial transgression.  Yesterday, she found a sock under my bed and she
grabbed me by the ear and pulled me upstairs so that I could pick it up and
put it in its proper place, namely the laundry hamper.  Why couldn't she
have picked it up herself?

She's a religious fanatic, dragging me to church every Sunday, but there's
no way I can believe in all that shit.  None of it makes any sense.
Furthermore, when it comes to my sex education, the whole subject was
covered by two instructions: first -- sex is for making babies, so save
yourself for your husband on your honeymoon and, second -- sit up and put
your legs together.  When you let people see your underwear, you make Jesus
cry.  That's it!  She's prudish beyond belief and has put parental controls
on my laptop, but she doesn't know that I've worked out her password so I
can surf wherever I like, especially porn.  Fuck her!

My real sex education is a much happier story.  About once a week I sleep
over with my best friend Jasmine and ever since she could read, her
parents, more enlightened than my Mum, bought her age appropriate books on
the subject, all of which I've read, so I'm fully up to speed regarding all
matters sexual, which is only appropriate for a girl of eleven, just
approaching puberty.

Jazz is so cool!  She thinks I'm beautiful, but she's the one with the good
looks.  Furthermore, her titties are starting to grow, whereas my chest is
still flat.  One evening, there we were, both of us stark naked in her
bedroom and her mum came in without knocking.  She didn't bat an eyelid,
merely telling us it was past bedtime and we should put the light out and
go to sleep.  Jazz was clearly quite comfortable allowing her mum to see us
together naked and to be honest, for a second or two I was embarrassed, but
once I realised neither Jazz nor her mum cared, I felt quite excited to let
her see me with nothing on.  My mum would go ballistic if she found me
naked with another girl and her mother.

The only other person in my life with whom I can freely converse is my
Uncle Rupert, my Mum's brother.  He told me that Mum got her religiosity
from their evangelical parents, but that he'd never bought into that
nonsense either.  He likes to look up my skirt which makes me tingle all
over.  We have an unspoken understanding.  I pretend that my knicker
displays are accidental and he pretends not to look.

One weekend when he came over to visit, Mum was out shopping and he came
into the bathroom just as I was getting out of the shower.  I'd forgotten
to lock the door, a hard and fast rule that was rigidly applied even when
there were no guests in the house.  His face lit up and he gazed at me
adoringly for a few seconds before apologising and (reluctantly) leaving.
Later he told me that I was gorgeous, that I should never be ashamed of my
body and to ignore everything that my mum had to say on the subject.

"Just go along with her, then when she's not around, you can be yourself."

I felt so grateful to him that later I sprawled back on the couch, my legs
spread wide, my dress hiked up, giving him the best upskirt flash he's ever
had in his life.  His gaze was like fire on my body.

"You sexy little fox," he murmured.

Even though I like him a lot, this is about as much as he's gonna get.

			_________________________________



Tonight, I'm sleeping over at Jasmine's house.  We've done our homework and
now we're busy on her laptop (no parental controls) surfing porn.  We'd
like to look at stuff featuring kids our own age, around eleven, but we
can't find anything.  Lots of adults fucking, sucking and other interesting
stuff, so we go to some lesbian sites that show girl on girl action, which
I find fascinating.  We watch several long videos in which beautiful models
lick each other's private parts, but it all seems so faked, with too much
gasping and groaning, and eventually we get bored and shut the laptop down.

Jazz strips down to her bra and knickers and I follow suit, aware of the
fact that she's staring at me.  I take my sweet time, pulling my dress over
my head, leaving me in just my knickers as I don't wear a bra yet, having
nothing to support.  Being looked at in this manner gets me excited.  I
stand in front of the full length mirror and talk to myself.

"Hello, Misty, you're looking very sexy in you knickers."

"Thank you," I respond to myself.  "Yes, I am sexy.  What would Mum say if
she could see me now?"

"She'd shit a brick!" Jazz offers.  "Take your knickers off and let's see
you in the nude."

"Watch this, Mum," I say, pulling them down and stepping out of them.
"Look, you dried up old cow, I'm stark naked in front of Jazz and she likes
me, don't you?"

"You're awesome, Misty."  She comes and stands beside me and takes her bra
off.

"Your titties are getting bigger," I tell her.  "Take your knickers off."

"No, you take `em off, Misty."  Oh, this is priceless!  If my mum only knew
that here I am, pulling another girl's knickers down so I can get a nice
close up view of her treasure with just a few wisps of pubic hair above it.
She steps out of her knickers and with her big toe, skillfully flick them
up in the air, catches them, buries her face in them, inhales, then presses
them to my face.  There's a faint aroma of sex, like when I finger myself
at night.  I breathe in deeply and as she takes them off my face, I look up
at her, adoringly. She is perfectly beautiful.

Her gaze runs up and down my body and I have that nice tingly feeling I get
when Uncle Rupert looked at me, only more so.  I sit on the end of the bed
and spread my legs wide, deliberately showing off my cunt to her and it's
clear from the expression on her face that she's as excited as I am.

"Let's play a game and pretend we're lesbians," she says.

"And do all that stuff that we like to watch on the internet?"  My
excitement is mounting.  "Licking and stuff?"

"And kissing.  Have you ever been kissed by a girl?"

"I haven't been kissed by anyone, not a real kiss, just pecks from friends
and neighbours.  You can be my first."

"I wanna kiss your cunt," she says, dropping to her knees between my
thighs.  "Years from now I want you to be able to tell your gay friends
that you were kissed on the cunt before you were kissed on the lips.
Wouldn't that be cool?"

"It would be like saying I'm a dirty slut and you can do anything you like
to me."  I find the idea quite thrilling.  It would be the ultimate `fuck
you' gesture to my fucking mother.  "Go ahead, Jazz, kiss me on my cunt."

She leans forward to inspect it.  "It's adorable!" she murmurs.  "Look at
your mound, it's huge!  Your cunt lips and your clit will develop soon and
then it'll look like mine."  I've already noticed that her cunt is more
adult looking than mine, which is a mere vertical slit in my mound and even
though I still look like a little girl down there, my cunt generates a lot
of thrilling feelings for me.

"Stop talking and kiss it!" I demand and she leans forward and presses her
lips to me.  Oh!  I feel like I've been set on fire.  Warmth spreads though
my abdomen and I feel like I need to pee, but I know my bladder's empty.
This is ten times better than when I finger myself at night in bed.

I look past Jazz at the mirror behind her.  Her bum is elevated and I can
see both her cunt and her rosebud.

"Imagine if my mum could see us now," I say.  I pretend she's looking at us
through the mirror.  "Look, Mum, Jazz is licking my cunt!  We're gonna grow
up to be lesbians, just to piss you off, you miserable old bitch!  It feels
good, Mum.  I don't think Jesus is crying.  I bet he likes to watch two
little girls having gay sex.  I bet he's up there in heaven, wanking
himself silly."  Jazz snorts, laughing through her nose as her tongue does
marvelous things to my cunt, then she gazes up at me, her eyes huge.  It's
obvious she's enjoying herself.  I stroke her hair and spread my legs even
wider.  Emotions that I've never felt before are sweeping through me.  Have
I suddenly fallen in love with Jazz?  She's making me feel good in a very
special way and I want to make her feel the same.

"Let me lick you," I say.  "I wanna make you happy, Jazz.  I wanna make you
cum."  She lifts her head and looks up at me"

"Let me finish you off," she says.

"NO!  I wanna lick your cunt right now!  I wanna make you cum, Jazz.  Get
up here on the bed."  Reluctantly, she abandons me and lies down beside me.

"Kiss me first, Misty.  Kiss my mouth and taste your own cunt on my lips.
You'll like it."  We embrace and I press my lips to hers, feeling her
tongue push its way into my mouth.  I'm being penetrated, invaded, molested
and abused in the most marvelous way and though this is a new and thrilling
experience, it's overshadowed by my sudden compulsion to lick her cunt.  I
break away and slide down the bed until I can kneel between her legs.  I
push them apart and gaze at her cunt.  It is more developed than mine, with
well defined lips and a little clit at the top.

"Oh, Jazz, you're beautiful!" I murmur, and then I'm in heaven, my mouth
pressed firmly against her, my tongue probing into her, then licking up and
down, finally arriving at her clit.  I purse my lips and suck on it,
drawing it rapidly in and out of my mouth, hearing her gasp with pleasure.
The smell and taste of her is overpowering.

Look at me now, Mum, I think to myself.  Your darling little daughter's
eating pussy and loving it!  I wanna spend the whole night here, my face in
her crotch, making her cum.  What would the ladies in church say if they
could see me now?  Fuck `em and fuck you!  Right now I'm a dirty little
lesbian slut and the more dirty things Jazz and I do, the happier I'll be.

It occurs to me that as outrageous have my actions been so far, I can go a
step further.  I put my hands under Jazz's knees and push them up to
elevate her bum, then lick the flesh below her cunt, and arrive at her
sweet little brown rosebud.  I press my tongue to it.  It seems to be the
most natural thing in the world, "dirty" in the sexual sense, but in fact
perfectly clean from an earlier shower.  My tongue goes in an inch or so.
I wish it were longer.

"Oh, you naughty little girl!" she says.

"Like it?" I ask, coming up for air.

"I LOVE it!  I never knew my bum could feel so good.  Put a finger in it."
I moisten my middle finger in my mouth and push against her rectum.  She
relaxes and it slides right in.  I go back to sucking on her clit while
finger fucking her up the arse.  She's gasping and mewling, groaning and
writhing and I'm guessing she's close to cumming.  My own excitement is
building, too.  I extract my finger and pop it in my mouth to clean it, but
it's unnecessary.  There's no nasty taste at all.  I put the finger into
her cunt and follow it with a second.  I turn my hand palm up and curl my
fingers.  I know from touching myself that if I touch her G spot, it'll
drive her crazy.

And so it does!  She cums with a loud groan, her thighs clamping my head,
her hips thrusting up to meet me.  I'm filled with happiness.  I'm so proud
to have made her cum.  I wanna do it over and over again, never stopping
until I collapse from exhaustion, at which point, I'll let her lick me
until I cum myself.  She relaxes and I roll on to my back.

"You taste marvelous, Jazz."

"My bum, too?"

"Yeah.  It's so perfectly clean."

"That's because when I shower, I push a soapy finger up there.  Not only
does it feel good, I never get skid marks on my knickers."  She lifts
herself up on one elbow and looks at me, her gaze running up and down my
body.  "You'll have a nice pair of titties soon, Misty."

"I can't wait."

"But I love you just the way you are.  I don't care that your chest is flat
and that your mound is bald because I like little girls.  Does that make me
a pervert?"

"If it does, then I'm a pervert, too, `cos I like you."

"Lie back and let me lick you again," she demands and so I let her take me
to heaven and back with her fingers and tongue, using the techniques we
learned from watching all those lesbian videos.  I can hear myself moaning,
so perhaps all that gasping and groaning on the videos was real after all.
The fire in my tummy grows hotter and I know I'm going to cum.

"Look at me, Mum," I mutter, pretending that she's watching.  "Jazz is
licking my cunt.  She's a dirty fucking slut just like I am.  I licked her
arse, Mum and it was delicious.  I'm gonna lick it and her cunt every
chance I get from now on and fuck you, we're gonna find even dirtier stuff
to do, just to piss you off, you miserable old bag!  Oh shit, I'm cumming!
I'm cumming, Mum!  Oh, my God!  Oooh!  Pheeeew!  Oh, that was awesome!  She
made me cum, Mum, she made me happier than you could ever dream about."
Jazz sits up and looks at me, triumphantly.

"Did I really make you cum?  Wow!  We should've done this a long time ago."

"But now we'll do it every chance we get, Jazz.  Kiss me again."  I
intended that she should kiss me on the mouth, but she dives between my
legs again, licking furiously.  Ah, well, we can kiss later.

			_________________________________



There's a soft knock on the door and I hear her Mum's voice asking if she
can come in.  Jazz looks at me.

"You okay with this?" she asks.  I nod my head.

"Come in," Jazz calls and she steps into the room.  For her age, she's
still quite attractive, dressed in a deliciously short sheer nightie, in
pale blue, so diaphanous that her nipples and cunt are perfectly visible.
She's shaved off her pubic hair.  Her face lights up as she sees us lying
side by side, naked on the bed, not bothering to cover our private parts.

"Oh, my God, girls, you're so beautiful!"  I'm tingling all over in a quite
new way.

"Isn't Misty adorable?" Jazz.

"Stunning," she says, her eyes running up and down my body.  "Even sexier
than you, Sweetheart, if that's possible.  Can I take a picture of you
both?"

"Sure," says Jazz, "use my phone.  It's there, on the dresser."  I nod my
head.  Before she can take a shot of us I spread my legs and Jazz hooks one
thigh across mine.  The flash goes off.

"Oh, that's perfect.  Two gorgeous naked little girls, showing off just for
me.  I'm having very naughty thoughts and they're making me all wet."

I'm intrigued.  I've never had a grown woman look at me quite like this.

"Just what are you thinking, Mum?" Jazz asks.

"Oh, my thoughts are way too naughty to share with you, after all, you are
my daughter."

"You can tell me, Mum.  I won't tell anyone else."

"I'll say just this. I don't want to embarrass you, Misty, but I've been
hoping for a moment like this, seeing you happily naked and showing off for
me."

"I'm doing it because if my Mum could see me now, she'd go ballistic!  I
like to do naughty things just because she'd hate it.  I absolutely loathe
her!"

"I can't believe that any reasonable woman could find you anything but
stunningly beautiful, Misty."

"Even without tits?"

"Especially without tits.  You look so innocent and sexy at the same time."
Just to keep her going, I put my hand down between my legs, plunge a finger
deep inside myself, then suck it dry.  "Oh, I wish that were my finger,"
she groans.

"Hands off, Mum," Jazz cries.  "Misty is all mine.  We're in love!"

"You can put your finger in me if you want, Misty."  She lifts the front of
her nightie, displaying her cunt to us.  I really do want to touch her, to
explore her fully grown cunt with its unusually large clit, but I know that
if I succumb to temptation, I risk losing Jazz's love.

"I'm sorry," I say, "I love Jazz too much."

"I understand, girls," her mum says.  "I'm sorry, Jazz, I got carried away.
The sight of you both lying there so vulnerably clouded my judgment.  I'd
better leave you to . . ."

"To do what, Mum?"

"Whatever naughty antics you were getting up to before I came in, and do me
a favour: take pictures of everything."  Jazz looks at me and grins.  My
own smile reflects my consent to be photographed.  After one last lingering
look, her mum leaves the room.

"Your mum is awesome, Jazz.  She's not in the least bit bothered that we're
having sex together.  I wish my mum was like her."

"You had her eating out of your hand, Misty."

"I had you eating out of my cunt, moments ago.  What happened?"

"It's your turn to eat me," she points out.  Fair enough.  I'm more than
happy to comply.  Look, Mum, I think, I'm licking Jazz's cunt juice as it
trickles from her cunt.  It's fucking delicious.  I'm gonna be a total lez
from now on, so how do you like that, huh?  Fuck you, you cow!  Mum fades
from my mind as I lose myself in the wondrous beauty of Jazz's sweet, wet
cunt.  Licking her and making her happy is even more fun than just pissing
my mother off, though I'm gonna try to think of dirtier and dirtier things
to do with Jazz, my new darling lover.

			_____________________________



It's late and her mum has gone to bed.  We decide to shower and soon we're
both covered from top to toe in soap suds, having lovingly lathered each
other all over, our hands lingering between each other's legs, my fingers
playing with her growing nipples.  I can't wait for my tits to grow, to
give her something to play with.

"Do you ever pee in the shower?" I ask her.

"Always, but tonight I held off.  I didn't want to freak you out."

"Me, too.  My bladder's about to burst.  Sometimes, when I pee, I put my
finger in the stream and taste it."

"I've done that, too.  It doesn't taste so bad, you know.  We can't waste
your pee, Misty," she says, falling to her knees, putting her hands on my
bum and pulling me over her upturned face.  "Go on, pee on me."  Suddenly,
I'm incredibly excited.  This is something that would drive my mum out of
her mind.  "Look, Mum," I say to a mental picture of her, "Jazz is letting
me pee on her.  Isn't that awesome?  It's because she loves me so much and
wants to be intimate with me in the dirtiest was possible.  Here we go,
Jazz."

My stream hits her face and she closes her eyes, then she leans back to let
me pee on her tits, and then leans even more so that I'm peeing on her
tummy and cunt.  Just before I'm empty, I pull her head back between my
legs and she opens her mouth.  The last few drops of my pee fall right into
it and she swallows.

"Oh, my God, Misty, that was delicious!"

"Really?"

"Well, not exactly, it wasn't so bad, but drinking it felt deliciously
naughty.  Wanna drink mine?"  In a flash, I'm down on my back lying in the
tub as she stands over me and her pee feels almost hot as it lands on my
body.  She hoses me up and down and the feel of her jet hitting me on my
cunt is amazing.  Then, she's peeing on my face and I open my mouth.  It's
half full before she dries up and I swallow as she looks down at me
adoringly.  It tastes a bit like beer, not as bad as I thought and I could
get to like it, especially as it's the dirtiest thing we've done together.

"Oh, I love it!" I enthuse.  "It's even more fun than when I used to pee in
my knickers when I was little.  That used to drive my mum crazy."

"I still pee in my knickers when to mood takes me."

"We should do that together, then I could wear your pee soaked knickers.
How naughty is that?  Dirty enough to freak out my mum?"

After we towel off and go back into the bedroom, I think of one more thing
that would be utterly disgusting, if it involved anyone other than my new
lover.  I want to lick her arse again.  When I suggest it, she laughs, but
lets me do it, kneeling on all fours as I approach her from behind.
Freshly clean from the shower, her arse hole has no flavour and licking it
is almost as thrilling as licking her cunt.

"Oh, Misty, this feels amazing!  You gotta try it!  Lie on your back and
lift your legs up beside your head.  Oh, that's a sexy pose!  Here we go."
I'd never imagined how good it would feel to have my arse licked.  It's
thrilling in a different way, mostly because it's so outrageously sluttish,
a perfect way to end my evening of doing things Mum would hate.

Why would humans evolve to enjoy licking each other's arses?  Same reason
some of us are gay, I suppose.  It helps bond us together, the more
intimate the act, the closer our bonds will be.

I wonder if this is making Jesus cry.  Probably not, no, I think.  You're a
bloke, Jesus, and blokes like this sort of stuff.  You're loving every
minute of it, aren't you?  Look, Mum, Jesus is stroking his cock and he's
gonna cum and drench us both with His holy spirit!  I loathe you, you
fucking bitch!

Jazz looks up at me, her eyes big and bright.

"Fuck your mum," she murmurs, then buries her face again.



The end.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 68: my-new-sister 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 29 Mar 1999 20:57:45 +0100
From: Ziggy <ziggy001@btinternet.com>
Subject: My New Sister

Title		My New Sister
Subject		Lesbian
Date		12/03/99
Author		Ziggy (Male)
Email		ziggy001@btinternet.com
Copyright	This story is copyright Ziggy Publications (UK) 1999


Mum and Dad had been divorced for over four years now, it had been a mutual 
thing, they just fell out of love mum and dad said. They got on well though still and 
dad often came for the weekend, or I would go and stay with him in the holidays. 
Some friends at school were in the same position, but they said that I was lucky as 
my mum and dad still got on. I lived with my mum, dad had moved away with his 
job. I didn't want to move and lose contact with my new friends that I had just 
made at my new school. Mum had a new boyfriend, a nice man, though not really 
her type, but she liked him and I was cool with that, especially as he didn't try and 
make me feel like he was going to be my new dad, he was just Pete. Dad had also 
got a new girlfriend, Debbie, and she now lived with him along with her daughter 
from her previous marriage. Dad and Debbie were great together, she was what he 
needed, someone to make him laugh; and my mum was a bit serious really. 
Debbie's daughter was called Anna, and she was fifteen, nearly two years older 
than I am. She was quiet, the studious type, never went out a lot from what I could 
tell, never mentioned boyfriends or stuff like that. She liked dancing though like I 
do, oh and music. It was weird really, we wrote to each other like pen friends; it 
was dad's idea. He thought it would help us get to know something about each 
other before I went to stay for two weeks during the school holiday. It was a good 
idea as well, as I found that I did get on well with Anna, well on paper I did, I just 
hoped that it would be the same in reality.

I got off the train at the station dragging my suitcases behind me and was 
immediately pounced on by dad who picked me up and hugged me, Debbie and 
Anna stood close smiling and welcoming me. They seemed nice and I hoped that 
this would all work out all right, two weeks would be awful if we didn't get on. Dad 
ushered us all off, we were laughing and joking in minutes. Debbie was fun, and so 
was Anna, though rather quiet I thought. Dad threw my cases into the back of the 
Volvo and we headed off towards the city, it was all so big and different from the 
small village that I lived in, so many people. We went grocery shopping at 
Sainsburys, and Debbie kept fussing about what I liked to eat, and what I didn't 
like. Dad just laughed and said I would eat anything, he was right. Two shopping 
trolleys full to the brim we headed for the car and then off home. I loved the house; 
it was a bit like being at home only a lot bigger. Set right on the edge of the city 
where the countryside began, it was quiet as well, all you could hear were cows, 
sheep and birds. The only neighbours a half mile away down the lane that led to the 
farmhouse.

Dad was being mysterious as we drove up the lane, he got Anna to put her hands 
over my eyes, and told me not to peep, they had a surprise for me. Anna covered 
my eyes and whispered in my ear that I would like the surprise, I hoped so, I love 
surprises. Anna still had her head next to mine and I could smell her perfume, or 
perhaps it was shampoo. It felt good that we were getting on, I liked her, and she 
was very pretty. The car stopped and I had to get out with Anna still covering my 
eyes with her hands, then walk along being led by the hands by dad and Debbie. I 
stumbled a bit, I'm pretty careless at the best of times, tripping here and there over 
my own feet most of the time. Anna said stop and I did, wondering what was going 
on. She moved her hands from my eyes and in front of me was an indoor 
swimming pool.

"Wow!" I said, I sounded like a little kid.

"Something else you and Anna have in common, swimming." Dad said.

Then he pushed the pair of us into the pool, flailing and flapping we fell into the 
warm water clinging to each other. We bobbed up to the surface laughing our heads 
off as dad stood on the side of the pool doubled up with laughter seeing us floating 
around. Debbie pushed him into the pool while he wasn't looking, and Anna and I 
swam off quickly as he lunged for us. We circled round and round him, easily out 
manoeuvring him in the water. He climbed out of the pool and stood creating his 
own pool on the patio, then he squelched off indoors laughing. We heard Debbie 
squeal, and she came running out of the house, her top showing two very wet hand 
prints where dad had grabbed her.

"I'll get you two robes, save having more puddles in the house." She said.

We clambered out of the pool still laughing as Debbie cautiously entered the house, 
obviously expecting an ambush from dad. She reappeared a few minutes later with 
two robes, looking wetter and a bit dishevelled; dad was on form as usual.

It seemed weird undressing for the first time with Anna, especially on the edge of 
the pool, not that it made any difference, and no one could see us after all. Upstairs 
we could hear dad and Debbie laughing as they raced around the house like a 
couple of kids. I thought that Anna would be the shy one, but she just stood and 
began to peel off her sweater which was clinging to her breasts, I couldn't help 
noticing her nipples poking through the sweater, then I noticed that mine were as 
well. She wore no bra, didn't need one, her breasts were very firm, and not exactly 
small. I pulled off my T-shirt and my own small breasts were exposed. Was it my 
imagination or was she looking at them. She kicked off her training shoes and then 
with a lot of wriggling she got her jeans off. I was really surprised to see she wore 
no knickers, but not as surprised as I was to see she had no pubic hair. I must have 
been staring because she laughed. I hastily looked away and pulled at my own 
jeans, struggling to get the wet material to let go of my legs. Anna knelt and tugged 
at them, and with some effort got them off. But rather than move she pulled down 
my knickers as well and stared at me.

"So that's what it used to look like." She joked, looking at my thick bush.

The next thing she was passing me a robe and grabbing my hand she led me into 
the house and up to her bed room, or rather our bedroom, we were sharing, even if 
the house did have two more empty bedrooms I could have used. Anna put on the 
hi-fi and jumped on the bed, a double bed; I'd never slept with anyone before. She 
pulled me onto the bed next to her and we sat chatting. It was weird; Anna wasn't 
the shy person I thought that she was from her letters, the opposite in fact. She was 
really fun, and very worldly wise, more than I was, I had led a pretty sheltered life 
living in a small village. She flopped back onto the pillows and her robe slipped 
open, a breast showing, and her shaved pussy. I was sure that it must have been 
shaved, it looked so. oh I don't know, I never thought of sex before, but 
something about the sight of her naked pussy made me feel good. Sure I wasn't 
that nave, I knew what sex was and how you did it, just didn't really fancy trying it 
with boys, the consequences of getting it wrong were too much to even 
contemplate. Anna giggled as she saw me looking at her pussy.

"Do I shock you?" She giggled.

"Not really, well a bit. but I don't mind." I said.

"I can tell, you keep looking."

"It looks so. so sexy shaved, it is shaved?"

"Sure, it's like yours if I don't." she said.

"Why do you shave?" I asked, genuinely interested.  

"Because it is sexy. You should try it sometime."

The idea was appealing, and I had thought about it once or twice before that, 
maybe I should try it. If it felt as good as it looked I might not be able to keep my 
hands off myself though. And that brought up a potential problem, I might not have 
thought of having sex with boys much, but I certainly knew about masturbation, 
had for a couple of years and regularly did it. Would I be able to find somewhere 
quiet that I could be alone during the next two weeks I wondered.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door and Anna covered up as dad opened the 
door and brought in my cases. We unpacked them, and both got dressed, then we 
spent the rest of the afternoon wandering around outside in the woods behind the 
house. I liked Anna and she obviously liked me, this was going to be a fun holiday. 
As the sun began to set Anna said it would be time to eat soon so we headed off 
home through the woods, then across the meadow to the farmhouse. Inside Debbie 
had covered the table with plates and dishes full of all sorts of appetising things to 
eat. Meats, fish, salad, everything, but the table was only set for two.

"You two are on your own tonight, did your dad tell you?" Debbie asked.

He had mentioned it but it had slipped my mind, he and Debbie were going to a 
concert or something like that, and were going to stay overnight to save the drive 
back. It was more likely that dad would have one too many to drink I thought.

"Yes he said, I'm sure we will be all right." 

"I'm sure that you will, or we wouldn't leave you alone." Debbie said.

"Give us time to get to know each other better." Anna said. 

Half an hour later I was alone with Anna, sitting on the floor in front of the TV 
eating our meal. We watched a music programme on satellite for a while after that 
and then a movie, but that was boring, so we tidied up after ourselves and headed 
upstairs for bed. The room was great, really big and it had it's own bathroom as 
well, something I would have loved at home, but the place just wasn't big enough 
for that. Anna was naked by the time I turned back to face her, again my eyes fell 
to her shaved pussy, I really wanted to touch it, see if it was as smooth as it looked. 
I took off my own clothes and we stood naked together, I wanted to touch her, 
never thought that way before. I should have been shocked at my thoughts, but I 
wasn't. Anna moved a little closer; I put the back of my hand on her belly, and 
found that it was smooth and soft where she had shaved away all trace of pubic 
hair.

"Told you it felt good." She said.

"It does, really sexy." I said, it was making me feel sexy touching her.

"Fancy trying it yourself?" She said, her eyes sparkling.

"Yes." I didn't think twice about it, just said it.

Anna threw a towel on the bed and got me to lie on it with my legs hanging over 
the edge of the bed, then she put some pillows under my head so I could see what 
she was doing. She knelt between my legs and with a pair of scissors cut away the 
bulk of my pubic hair. I watched as she trimmed the hair close, and began to feel a 
little randy as her fingers touched my pussy. Then she got her lady shave razor and 
began to shave away the stubble, exposing my naked pussy, it was really turning 
me on now and I was sure that she must have noticed. Finally she got a tube of 
cream and gently dabbed it onto my skin, some sort of hair removal lotion; it smelt 
a bit caustic.

"Don't move what ever you do, if that hits your clit it stings." She said.

Then she was off into the bathroom and began to run a bath while I lay on the bed 
naked, my pussy bare of all traces of pubic hair and a fire burning in my belly that 
was aching for some attention. Anna came back with a warm wet wash cloth and 
wiped away the cream from my pussy, working away from the slit that showed so 
beautifully now.

"Jesus you look gorgeous, good enough to eat." She said.

She led me to the bathroom and we both got into the big corner bath, her hands all 
over me, soaping and caressing me. Now I really was feeling horny, and I 
wondered if she really meant what she said, did it look good enough to eat? I 
wished that she would, I'd never had that done and it sounded like it was 
something I really would enjoy. If I'm honest that's exactly what I thought when I 
saw her shaved pussy myself, I imagined pushing my tongue between her lovely 
pouting lips. My hands on her naked body now, washing and caressing her, and 
getting myself even more worked up in the process. But I was being careful, maybe 
Anna was just happy being naked and stuff with other girls, maybe saying good 
enough to eat was just a saying, she probably meant nothing by it. We got out of 
the tub and dried each other; I was surprised when she kissed me though, full on 
the lips as she pressed close against me, holding me close. I was surprised, but not 
as surprised as I should have been when I responded eagerly, holding her close, my 
hands on her buttocks, pulling her hard against me.

The move to the bedroom was like a dream, Anna changed the CD to something 
really smoochy and turned down the lights. We were kissing before we lay together 
on the bed; a long smouldering kiss that ignited something in me that was fast 
rising for release. It was no mistake, Anna wanted me as much as I wanted her, and 
I did want her, in a highly sexual way as well as a friend. She kissed my throat and 
breasts, nibbling on my nipples, it felt so good. I was sure no boy could provide me 
with this sort of excitement, though no boy had even had a chance to try yet. I 
forgot about boys really fast as Anna's mouth moved lower to kiss my belly for a 
while, then lower still.

"So shall I see if it is good enough to eat?" Her voice was husky.

"Please."

I lay back and waited, nearly coming as her tongue traced along the pouting lips, 
eager for her to push her pink tongue into my soft wet folds. She did and I just 
writhed as an orgasm burst from me as she licked at my wet tube, her hands all 
over me, fondling my breasts as I gasped and shook beneath her. Oh it felt so good, 
I never dreamt that an orgasm could be so powerful as she sucked at my clit. I 
needed to try this for myself and gasped for her to turn around so that I could push 
my tongue into her smooth sex. Her pussy loomed close and I moved towards it, 
eager to try this wondrous experience for myself. Her lovely lips felt so smooth as 
my tongue touched them; the musky smell of her pussy filling me with desire as I 
gently poked my tongue between those lovely folds to savour her delicious pussy. 
Before long we were both locked together, our orgasms happening as one as we 
writhed and moaned together on the bed. Her breasts touching my belly as she 
moved back and forth above me, the hard nipples dragging across my belly turning 
me on even more. Again and again we came as we licked and suckled on one 
another. My hands on her buttocks, pulling her hips lower to rub her pussy against 
my mouth as she licked at me, her finger slipping into me to gently slide back and 
forth in my soaking slit. Again I came, and as I also slipped a finger into her I felt 
her grip it as she came, groaning and sighing into my groin.

We slept little that night, choosing to try out everything we could, to find out 
exactly what we each liked most and to do it until we could take no more 
stimulation. It took us until four in the morning before we had to stop, our pussies 
raw from licking, kissing and fingering, our clits alive from orgasms. This was 
going to be one very good holiday, one I would never forget in a hurry and I had 
only known Anna for twelve hours. 
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 69: my-school-friend 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 4 Feb 2021 16:42:00 -0800
From: Jan none <janmay6969@gmail.com>
Subject: My School Friend (lesbian/young-friends, oral anal, f/ffg)

Beginnings, oral anal, f/ffg

The story is a work of fiction and contains
descriptions of explicit sexual acts between young-
females and an older woman.  If this type of
content offends you or you are under the age of 18
do not read it.

Copyright 2021 Jan, all rights reserved

Please mail to janmay6969@gmail.com if you have
any suggestions for a future story.

               My School Friend
                      By
                     Jan

	When I was a fifth-grader at Backer's
Grammar school I was becoming aware of sex and
my own body.  I was masturbating in my bed almost
every night.  In my classroom, there were thirty
students.  I didn't know where I fit in.  I was an
average student and barley average at sports.  I
was a dirty blonde with gray eyes and was starting
to feel the pains of my body starting to develop into
a young woman.  There was one girl in my class that
I envied because she seemed to be so sure of
herself.

	Jasmine was a Polish-Italian that looked so
mature.  She had a bronze skin tone, wavy dark
brown hair, big brown eyes and a figure far more
mature than her age.  She had boys falling all over
themselves trying to impress her but she ignored
them coolly.  She seemed to be very sure of
herself.  I wanted to become her friend and be like
her.

	During lunchtime, I sought her out and sat
across from her to talk to her.  I asked: "Jasmine,
how are you able to do everything so easily?"

	"Ashley, I struggle as much as anyone about
everything."

	We talked about school while we ate and we
continued the discussion as we disposed of our
trays and exited the cafeteria.  We continued to
talk to each other rather than engage in games
during the remainder of the lunch break.  At the
end of the day, I walked with her as we left the
school grounds until we came to a street where I
would have to turn to go home.

	The weekend I went to the local cineplex to
see a movie and as I approached the building, I saw
Jasmine talking to some other girls at the side of
the building.  They looked older than us and they
were all smoking cigarettes.  I thought about what I
had seen the rest of the weekend.  There was
something forbidden about her behavior that
seemed rebellious or not naughty.

	The first chance I got to talk with her on
Monday I asked her about the girls I saw her
talking to outside the theater.  Jasmine casually
responded that they were friends of hers.  I didn't
press the subject because I didn't want to alienate
her.  Over the course of the following weeks, I did
my best to befriend Jasmine.  I was thrilled the
day she asked me if I would like to come home with
her.  I told her I would have to ask my mother first.
I pulled out my cellphone and called home and asked
Mom if it was okay if I went home with Jasmine for
a visit, of course, Mom gave me permission and
thanked me for calling.

	After school, we walked together as we
headed to her home.  She only lived about three
blocks away from my home.  The house looked very
much like the homes on my block.  They were
modest single-story homes with some same trees
the streets didn't have curbs or sidewalks.  When
we entered the house, it had an unfamiliar smell
besides the smell of stale cigarette smoke.
Jasmine introduced me to Rose (her older sister)
and Daisy (her younger sister).  Her mother was
still at work.  Rose had a bedroom to herself
because she was the oldest.  Daisy and Jasmine
shared a bedroom and their mother had the
master-bedroom to herself.

	Rose announced that she was going out
because she had a date.  Daisy was more interested
in playing outdoors with her playmates.  Jasmine
took me to her bedroom to save room there was a
bunk bed against the wall.  Jasmine told me that she
had the top bunk.  She casually pulled a pack of
cigarettes from the pocket of her pleated skirt and
asked me if I would like one.

	I wanted to cool and her friend and accepted
one.  She also found a cheap lighter and held the
flame for me to lite my cigarette.  She lit hers and
took a deep drag and blew the smoke towards the
cling.  I took a poof and blew the smoke to the
ceiling too.  I just didn't inhale the smoke.  Jasmine
smiled knowingly at the fact that I was not a
smoker.  She proceeded to sit on Rose's bunk and
She was holding an ashtray that we both used.  She
asked me about my family while she continued to
smoke.

	I told her that I was an only child and what my
father did for a living.  My mother stopped working
then she had me, but due to complications during
the delivery they had to remove her womb, thus she
can't have any more children.

	She asked me: "Have you ever played with
your pussy?

	I felt that I had to tell her the truth, and
admitted that: "I masturbate almost every night."

	  "Would you like to join me and play with each
other's pussy?

	I felt a strange desire to do anything to
please her.  "I would do anything you want me to
do."

	She took me into her arms and kissed me on
the mouth and she stuck her tongue into my mouth.
She placed her hand on my blouse and squeezed my
breast.  I held my breath for as long as I could.  It
was all very exciting.   She proceeded to take off
my blouse and to pull the straps of my slip off my
shoulders and then she proceeded to remove my
bra.

	I sat there in shocked disbelieve and thrilled
that she was seducing me.  Once my bra was
removed, she leaned over and started sucking on my
left nipple while massaging my right breast.  I sat
there motionless while she sucked on my tits.
After a short time, she abruptly stood up and
proceeded to remove her clothes.

	She removed her blouse and skirt as well as
the slip she had on.  I got a good look at her body
and how much her breasts filled her bra and could
see her camel toe created in the crotch of her
panties along with the dark shadow created by her
pubic hair behind her panties.  She took the
cigarette out of her mouth and snuffed it out
before removing her bra and panties.  I was
mesmerized by the sight of her breasts.  They were
perfect and didn't need support at all.  Her areolas
were the size of silver dollars and were a dark
mauve color surrounding her plump nipples and both
of her nipples were pierced and there were
stainless-steel rinds dangling from her nipples.  My
first thought was "what did her mother say about
that," but I did think it was sexy looking.

	Her pubic hair was black as coal and coarse.
It was carefully trimmed to about a quarter-inch
long and shaved into a triangle pointing to the
opening.  Her vulva was puffy.  When she was
satisfied that I had taken a good look at her body
she stepped between my legs and used one hand to
cup her left breast and used the other hand to pull
my head against her breasts.

	I opened my mouth and did my best to cover
all of her areolae with my mouth.  I found my
tongue slipping into the ring and pulling on it.  She
switched hands and fed the right nipple to me.  I
must have been doing something right she was
moaning and telling me that I doing a great job.
When she pulled back, I saw that her nipples were
mist and the area around the areolas were redder
than the flesh of her brownish breasts.

	This time when she stepped forward, she
stepped up onto the mattress of the bunk and clung
to the upper bunk to support herself, and thrust
her hips forward shoving her crotch right into my
face.  I clung to her hips and relished the womanly
smell of her pussy as I licked the crack.  When I
found her clit, I latched into it with my lips and
sucked clit until she cried out that she was cumming
and I suddenly found my face covered in slimy fluid.
Her hips were still hammering against my face.
Then she went limp and was hanging by her hand
clinging to the upper bunk frame.  She eventually
stepped down and leaned over to kiss me on the
mouth.

	Jasmine placed her hands on my shoulders and
pushed me backward to make me lay on my back on
Rose's bed.  Then she unfastened my skirt and
pulled it down my body and free of my feet.  Then
she pulled the slip out from under my butt and free
of my body.  She stood there admiring my panties
for a moment before she placed the palm of her
hand on my warm moist panties.  Then she knelt by
the bed and pressed her nose against the silky
crotch of my panties and smell me and even licked
the crotch.  While she was doing that she was
reaching up and slipping her fingers under the
waistband of my panties.  She pulled them down and
free of my feet before wrapping my legs around her
neck.  She used her fingers to part my pubic hair
and started licking me.  I swear that the feelings
she was inducing in me were a hundred times more
intense than when I masturbated myself.

	When I recovered Jasmine lay on top of me
and kissed me.  I could smell the fresh covering of
my pussy juice covering her face.  I felt the warmth
of her body and adored her.  We eventually started
masturbating each other with our legs intertwined
and sucking each other's tongue.

	I wasn't even thinking of the time.  I almost
panicked when the bedroom door opened and a tall
woman wearing what I assumed was blue hospital
scrubs.  She looked in and asked: "Jasmine, is your
friend going to stay for dinner?"

	Jasmine looked at the woman and said: "Yes,
Mom!"

	"Well at least put some clothes on before
coming to the dinner table."

	Jasmine said: "We will Mom.  Mom, this id
Ashley, one of my classmates."

	She smiles and said: "Welcome to our home
Ashley."

	I looked over at her and felt foolish saying:
"Thank you, ma'am."

	Before she closed the door, she said: "Dinner
will be ready in an hour."  And was gone without any
further discussion.

	I looked at Jasmine: "Your mother did say
anything about is being naked and kissing each
other?"

	"Mom's cool!" and returned to kissing me and
masturbating my pussy.  We continued sucking each
other's tits until about fifteen minutes before
dinner.  Jasmine said all we need to put on is out
blouses and skirts.  I watched her put her blouse on
and button it before stepping into the skirt.  I
couldn't help noticing that her dark nipples and
areolas were visible through the white blouse.  I
was reluctant to put on my own blouse without
putting on my slip but Jasmine insisted that it was
not necessary.

	I relented and put my blouse on and put my
skirt on.  We put our ballerina flats on and as soon
as we heard her mother call out that dinner was
ready, we exited the bedroom and went to the
dining room.  We sat next to each other and her
sisters sat opposite us and her mother served the
meal from the head of the table.  I felt
uncomfortable with the others staring at my tits
and feeling the cold draft on my pussy while we ate.
At the conclusion of the meal, we were told to put
our plates in the sink.  We were allowed to go watch
TV and their Mom told us that she would bring us
some ice-cream.

	It took enough time for their mother to put
all of the dishes in the dishwasher before she
brought in a tray with five glass bowls with spoons
in the bowls was three scoops of vanilla ice-cream
covered in chocolate syrup.  As soon as we finished
our dessert, we took our bowls to the sink.  Their
mother told Jasmine and I that we could use her
bedroom to continue to enjoy each other's company.

	Jasmine took me by the hand and led me to
her mother's bedroom.  It all felt surreal to me.
Her mother was actually giving us permission to
make love to each other.  My own mother cautioned
me against so much as masturbating.  I'm sure she
would have punished me if she knew I was sucking
pussy.

	I was impressed with their mother's bedroom.
It smelled of perfume and body powder.  The
queen-sized bed that dominated the room.  There
was a sit-down dresser with a delicate upholstered
chair in front of it.  There was an armoire that
matched all of the furniture and on one wall there
were mirrored sliding glass doors to the spacious
closet.  There was also an upholstered hope chest at
the foot of the bed.  Jasmine carefully folded back
the quilted bedspread and laid it on the hope chest.
Then she pulled back the blankets and top sheet.
Then she turned her attention to undressing me.

	It didn't take long before my blouse and skirt
were removed.  She indicated that she wanted me
to undress her.  She mounted the bed and pulled me
up to join her.  She taught me about scissoring our
legs to rub our pussies against each other.  She tit
fucked me.  It was exciting to smell my own pussy
juice on her tits when I sucked them later.  She
even introduced me to rimming assholes.  In fact,
she was tongue fucking my asshole when her mother
walked in.

	She was already naked.  I was mesmerized by
the sight of the adult woman's body her skin was
the same color as her daughter's.  The tits were
much bigger and the chocolate areolas were much
larger than Jasmine's were.  The nipples were larger
too. I saw that she had a colorful tattoo of a cute
pixie with colorful translucent dragonfly wings.

	Her vulva was trimmed but was a full bush.
There was something very sexy about her bush.
And the was a tattoo of puckered lipstick mark on
her left butt cheek.  She kissed both of us and she
licked and sucked my tits while feeling up my pussy.
When she inserted a finger into my vagina, she
discovered that I was a virgin.  She said: "We will
have to do something about that eventually, honey."

	The two of them were concentrating on doing
everything possible to turn me into a sex fiend and
they were doing a great job.  While the mother ate
my pussy and tickled my asshole with a finger,
Jasmine was busy playing with my tits and sucking
on them.  Then she sat on my face, facing her
mother.  She was humping my face and her mother
scissored our legs and rubbed or pussies against
each other while they kissed each other.  After
everyone had a couple of orgasms the two of them
used handy wiped to clean me up so that the alcohol
would evaporate not leaving any telltale soapy smell
evidence. of what we had been doing.

	After we got dressed the two of them drove
me home.  Because they wanted to make a good
impression with my parents.  They were pleased to
find out that Jasmine's mother was a nurse working
for a Methodist Hospital.

	My parents were happy to allow me to sleep-
over at Jasmine's home anytime I wanted.  Jasmine
and I became lovers and I also got to enjoy the
pleasures of sex with her sisters as well as her
mother.  When I agreed to let them take my
virginity Jasmine strapped on a dildo and spent the
night fucking me until I was used to being fucked.
Her mother was next to fuck me on another
occasion.  She also introduced me to anal sex with
the same dildo.  Daisy and Rose also had sex with
me.  It was not uncommon for the five of us to
remove our clothes and have an orgy of sex.

	Jasmine and I remained lovers through high
school.  I had to accept the fact that Jasmine was
going to continue to seduce other girls.  Daisy and
Rose were just as horny as Jasmine and their
mother.  I think my mother was clueless for a
couple of years but it was invadable that she
figured out that I was a lesbian.  She didn't let
father know until I was in college.  They eventually
accepted that I was married to a sweet blonde
named Candy.


I hope you enjoyed the story, and if you have a
story you would like told, please send your outline
mail to janmay6969@gmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 70: nina-and-gwen 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 21 Jul 1999 23:15:11 PDT
From: silent killer <kyoushuman@hotmail.com>
Subject: Nina and Gwen

Nina and Gwen (ff, Fff, ws, inc, cons)

by kyoushuman@hotmail.com

This story contains details and descriptions of a sexual nature and should
not be viewed by minors under any circumstances.


Nina and Gwen were best friends who lived on the same street, attended the
same elementary school, and were even in the same third grade class. They
would walk home from school every day along the same route, which took them
through an overgrown field with a pond in the middle.

One day, Nina stopped while they passed through the field. She looked
around to make sure nobody was around, then she told Gwen, "Keep a lookout
for me, OK?"

"What are you going to do?" Gwen wondered.

As a reply, Nina hiked up her dress and pushed down her panties, then
squatted in the dirt next to the pond. Gwen heard a high-pitched hissing
sound along with a softer splashing sound.

"Um! You're peeing outside!" Gwen announced in a tattletale voice.

"So what, I have to go!" Nina blurted. She finished peeing and wiped
herself with her palm, then dipped her hand into the pond and washed it
around. She stood up, pulled up her panties and dropped her dress, then
said, "OK, we can go now."

"You're not supposed to pee outside!" Gwen said.

"So what? Nobody can see, dummy," Nina retorted. "Besides, it's more fun
than peeing in the toilet."

"It is?"

"Uh huh."

The girls walked in silence after that revelation.

"See you tomorrow," Nina said as she went into her house. Gwen went home
and used the toilet like a proper girl should, but she couldn't help
thinking about what Nina had said.



The next day Nina stopped again by the pond, hiked up her dress, and pushed
down her panties. "Keep a lookout for me," she said as she started to pee.

"Only if you look out for me while I pee too," Gwen replied.

Nina smiled up at her friend as she finished. Again, she wiped with her
hand, and again she washed her hand in the pond before pulling her panties
up and pushing her dress down.

"Go ahead, Gwen," she whispered conspiratorially. "Nobody's looking."

Gwen was wearing overalls. She unbuckled them and let them drop to her
ankles, then pushed her panties down. Nina could see her friend's little
bottom and tiny crack. Gwen blushed as she squatted down to pee.

"I can't do it, I'll pee on my overalls!" she realized.

"Stand up and take them off," Nina suggested. "Nobody can see us!"

Gwen took her friend's suggestion, kicking her overalls off over her shoes
and squatting once again. Nina observed with interest as Gwen started to
pee. The golden stream hissed out of Gwen's tiny labia and puddled on the
ground between her feet.

"What am I gonna wipe with?" Gwen whined when she finished.

"Use your hand, like I did!"

"I don't want to!"

"There's nothing else to wipe with!"

"I don't want to use my hand! You wipe it!"

Nina blinked at the suggestion, but knelt in front of her friend and stuck
her hand between Gwen's legs. She reached up with her fingertips and ran
them across Gwen's crack, going from front to back like her mom taught
her. She did it a couple times, slowly, listening to Gwen's breathing
change. Then Nina turned to wash her hand off, breaking the delicacy of the
moment. Gwen quickly yanked her panties and overalls back on and stood up.

"Isn't it fun to pee outside?" Nina asked as they left the field. Gwen
nodded.

"It gives me goosebumps," Nina continued, "and it makes me feel funny."

"Me too," said her friend.

Soon they were at Nina's house again. "Well, see you tomorrow," Nina said.

Gwen went home but didn't go potty like she usually did. She didn't have to
any more.



The girls continued their new tradition for several days until Nina had a
new idea. As she was squatting, naked from the waist down, she said, "Let's
pee at the same time."

Gwen was agreeable to this situation until she realized that nobody would
be able to look out for intruders.

"Nobody's caught us yet. Nobody ever comes in this field," Nina
argued. "Come on, let's do it."

Gwen gave in and took off her pants and panties, then squatted next to her
friend.

"Don't be next to me, go in front of me so we can see each other."

Gwen repositioned herself so she was a few feet in front of Nina. Now both
girls could clearly see each other's baby genitals.

"OK, ready? Go!"

The two friends took deep breaths and concentrated on their bladders, then
started peeing at the same time. Twin rivulets of warm urine ran between
their feet and met in a small puddle.

"Look, our pee is running together," Gwen said.

Nina finished first, but Gwen continued to pee a strong stream of urine. "I
won, I finished first!" Nina said.

"No, I won, because I have more," Gwen replied. She finished peeing and
looked over at her friend. "I'm ready for you to wipe me."

Nina had wiped Gwen's crotch for her ever since that first time. Both girls
enjoyed it, for reasons they did not quite understand. But this time Nina
had a different idea.

"I'll wipe you if you wipe me," she dared.

Gwen shook her head vigorously, but the idea sounded appealing to her. It
didn't take but a little pleading from Nina before Gwen agreed. The two
girls scooted closer together, reached forward and slowly wiped each other
clean, then rinsed their hands in the pond and got dressed.

"See you tomorrow," Nina said as she went inside her house. Gwen went home
and laid on the couch to watch TV. She pulled a blanket up over her so she
could discreetly stick her little hand in her pants and play with her
vagina. It always felt nice when Nina touched her, and it had felt nice
today when she touched Nina, so she thought it would feel nice to play with
herself. She laid on the couch under the blanket for so long that her
mother thought she might be sick, but Gwen was just fine. Better than ever,
in fact.



As the school year drew to a close and the weather warmed up even more,
Nina and Gwen continued their habit of peeing next to the pond and wiping
each other. When they would scoot together and try to wipe each other
clean, their fingers would often linger curiously a bit longer than
necessary. One day, Gwen's finger slipped and went clear up inside of
Nina's vagina. She pulled it out quickly and sat back in the dirt,
surprised.

"My finger went up inside you!" she said.

"So? You can put them inside you, too," Nina shrugged. "Don't you ever do
that?"

"I rub it sometimes but I don't put my finger in it," Gwen said. "My mom
said that I shouldn't do that because it was dirty."

"It's not dirty," Nina said. "My aunt Sarah said it was normal for girls to
do and that it couldn't hurt you."

"Show me," Gwen asked.

Nina reached under herself and easily slid a finger inside. She moved it
back and forth a bit so Gwen could see. "See?" Nina asked. "It feels nice
and it's not dirty. Try it."

Gwen gingerly eased a fingertip between her labia near her urethra. "No, a
little further down," Nina said. "There's a hole there."

Gwen found it and slid her whole index finger inside, then back out again
like Nina was doing.

"And rub it too, like this." Nina showed her how to rub the little nub at
the top of her sex.

"I already know about that," Gwen said, duplicating Nina's actions.

The two girls rubbed themselves quietly for a while. Then Nina suddenly
gasped and also sat back in the dirt, then sighed and shivered.

"Are you OK?" Gwen asked.

"Yeah ..." Nina replied softly. "I had a good feeling all over."

"My butt is all dirty from sitting on the ground," Gwen suddenly noticed,
giggling.

"Mine too!"

Both girls stood up and started brushing dirt, leaves and gravel from their
round bottoms.

"Let's go," said Gwen, getting dressed. Nina followed her example, and soon
they were leaving the field as usual.

"See you tomorrow!" Nina called as she walked down her driveway.

Gwen went home and got under the blanket on the couch again. This time, she
was determined to rub herself until she got the good feeling that Nina
had. Now that she was concentrating on the little bump of flesh at the top
of her crack, and fingering herself at the same time, it was only a matter
of minutes until the very good feeling that Nina described washed over her
body. She trembled and sighed and felt very relaxed. She made sure that she
washed her hands so that her mother wouldn't know what she had been doing.



The next day at the pond, Gwen said that they should rub themselves until
they got the good feeling after they peed. Nina agreed.

Both girls took off their pants and panties, squatted, and urinated into
the dirt. Then, without wiping, they reached down and rubbed themselves
slowly. Gwen rubbed herself with one hand and fingered herself with the
other, and when Nina saw this she copied her friend's actions. Soon both
girls were gasping and shuddering with pleasure.

"I got the good feeling," Nina said excitedly.

"So did I! I got it twice!" Gwen said loudly.

"Twice? How did you do that?"

"After you get it once just keep going and it happens again faster?"

Nina started again, rubbing and fingering herself gently, and Gwen joined
her. All too soon the girls were huffing heavily and trembling, but this
time they didn't stop. They continued to masturbate there in the sunny
field, squatting in the dirt, until they lost track of their orgasms.

"I can't do it any more," Nina sighed, "or I'll fall over into the pond!"

"Me too," Gwen agreed. "Let's go."

The girls got dressed and exited the field.

"See you tomorrow, Gwen!" Nina called as she skipped down her driveway.

In her room, Gwen undressed and gingerly touched her private parts. They
were itchy and sore from all the attention. Without being asked, she made a
bubble bath for herself and soaked for a long time, delicately stroking her
labia underneath the blanket of bubbles. Her mom came in and praised her
for bathing without being told, and Gwen was masturbating all the while.



It only took a few days of this new activity for Gwen and Nina to realize
that there can be too much of a good thing. Their genitals became irritated
and red, and they resolved to skip their daily ritual for a while. But on
the very next day after their resolution, Nina stopped in the field next to
the pond.

"I thought we weren't going to do it anymore for a while!" Gwen said.

"I want you to look at it and see if it's getting better," Nina explained,
raising her dress and pushing her panties down to her knees.

Gwen squatted in front of her friend and peered at her little folds of
flesh. They were still pink with irritation, though they didn't look nearly
as red and swollen as they were the previous day.

"It looks better," Gwen announced.

"Touch it and see if it's sore," Nina asked.

Gwen reached out and stroked her friend's slit. "Did that hurt?"

"No."

Gwen continued to stroke it. "Hurt yet?"

"No. Put your finger inside."

"Open your legs a little so I can."

Nina opened her legs and closed her eyes as Gwen slowly pushed her finger
between Nina's soft pink gates.

"Does that hurt?"

"No."

"Does it feel like normal?"

"Move it in and out."

Gwen did, stroking her finger rapidly in and out of Nina's hole.

"So does it hurt?"

"Not really. Let me look at you."

Gwen stood up and Nina pulled up her panties, then dropped her dress. Gwen
pulled down her pants and panties at the same time and stood upright. Nina
squatted in front of her friend and peered at the tiny crack.

"It looks red still. Is it sore?"

"A little. Go ahead and touch it."

Nina did, gently stroking her fingertips across her friend's genitals.

"Did that hurt?"

"A little. It's still sore."

Nina leaned forward and quickly kissed Gwen's pouty little labia.

Gwen cried, "Ooh! Why did you do THAT?"

"Aren't you supposed to kiss something to make it better?"

"But not that!"

"Why not?"

"It's icky! That's where I pee!"

Nina kissed it again.

"Ooh, stop it!"

"It doesn't taste bad. It's nice."

"Doesn't it smell bad?"

"No."

Gwen was taken aback by all of this. Nina interpreted her friend's silence
as agreement, so she leaned forward and kissed her slit again.

"Ooh," Gwen sighed, a bit less loudly this time.

Nina kissed her again.

"Ooh."

Kiss.

"Ooh."

Kiss.

"Ooooooh."

Nina then bestowed a longer, harder kiss upon Gwen's genitals. The
sensation was so much that Gwen's knees buckled a bit, and she pushed
Nina's head away.

"Oh, Nina, that tickles!"

"I was just trying to make it feel better."

Gwen reached down and rubbed herself to try and prolong the nice feeling.

"I thought you were sore!"

"I am ... but ... ooohhhhhh ..." Gwen's eyes fluttered shut and she leaned
forward a bit as the warm pleasant feeling washed through her body.

"Oooh, that was great!" Gwen squealed, still rubbing herself a little.

"Will you kiss mine and make it better?" Nina asked plaintively.

"OK."

Gwen pulled up her pants and knelt in front of Nina, who again hiked up her
dress. Gwen pulled Nina's panties down for her, leaned forward, and quickly
kissed Nina's puffy slit.

"Does that make it feel better?"

"Yes, do it again."

Gwen kept pressing her lips against her friend's genitals and Nina cooed
and gasped with each contact. Finally, Gwen grasped Nina's buttocks in both
hands, leaned forward, and pressed her pursed lips hard against Nina's
labia. Nina closed her eyes, held her friend's head and quivered as Gwen
rubbed her face against Nina's crotch.

"Oh. Oh. Oooooh, I'm getting the feeling," Nina purred. She opened her legs
as much as she could, considering that her panties were still around her
ankles. Gwen took advantage of the better access to press her lips further
between Nina's labia. For her part, Nina dropped her dress over Gwen's
head, then placed her hands on Gwen's shoulders and rubbed her crotch back
and forth over Gwen's chin, lips and nose. Finally the good feeling swept
over her and she cried out wordlessly, then slowly relaxed.

"Did it taste OK?" Nina asked as she pulled up her panties.

Gwen sat back and considered, licking her lips. "Yeah. It was OK."

"Told you that kissing it would make it better," Nina said, grinning.

Gwen smiled back.

Once they were both presentable, they walked out of the field together.

"We forgot to pee today!" Gwen said suddenly.

"Remember, we said we weren't going to," Nina reminded her.

"Oh yeah ..." The girls dissolved into high giggles, walking towards their
street.

In front of her house, Nina said, "Well, see you tomorrow, Gwen." She went
inside.

Gwen went home and peed on the toilet, something she hadn't done in a long
time, at least not when she first came home from school. While sitting on
the toilet, she gingerly touched her labia. Still sore -- but there was a
lingering, pleasant feeling.



The girls managed to keep their pledge to avoid peeing next to the pond
until the end of the school year, which was only a few weeks away. On the
last day of school, Nina and Gwen ran home. Both of them stopped at the
pond and looked at each other.

"It's been a while."

"Want to do it?"

"Is yours still sore?"

"Nope. Is yours?"

"Nope."

The girls undressed, removing their pants and panties. They stood facing
each other, half-dressed in only T-shirts and sneakers.

Gwen put her hands on her hips. "Well, what are we going to do?"

Nina said, "Are you sure yours isn't sore?"

"Yeah, it feels fine, see?" Gwen spread her legs and rubbed herself a
bit. "I can even put my finger in," she whispered, demonstrating.

Nina opened her legs too, so that both girls were standing with their feet
wide apart. "I think mine is still sore."

"You said it wasn't?"

"Would you kiss it and make it better?"

Suddenly Gwen understood. She quickly knelt in front of her friend and
passionately kissed the fat little labia. Nina sighed and put her hands on
her friend's shoulders, rocking back and forth, pressing her hips against
Gwen's chin.

Gwen was not pecking softly at Nina's genitals, but rather rubbing her face
all over them, pressing her chin and nose between Nina's tender labia. She
made kissing sounds, moaned, inhaled the scent, and grasped Nina's buttocks
to force her closer, if that were possible.

"Hold still for a second," Nina whispered. Gwen stopped moving and looked
up at her friend.

"Just stay right there ... hold still," the girl murmured as she stepped
forward so that her child's hairless crotch was pressing against her
friend's lips. Gwen kissed her there, but Nina shook her head, so Gwen
didn't move. Nina held on to Gwen's shoulders and started grinding herself
up and down on Gwen's face, rubbing her little erect nub hard across Gwen's
chin and lips.

"Stick out your tongue," Nina begged. Without thinking, Gwen obeyed, and
was rewarded with a sharp taste of the young, pink, damp flower being
rubbed across her face. Gwen's first reaction was to pull her tongue back
in, but Nina pleaded with her to keep it out, so she did.

"I'm getting the feeling," Nina whined. "It's going to happen soon. Oh, I
can feel it. Oh. Ooooh. Ooooh, Gwen ... ooooooohhh ..."

Gwen distinctly felt a rush of fluid drain across her tongue from within
her friend's depths. Again, her first reaction was to pull her head back
and suck her tongue in.

"Nina, I think you peed in my mouth!" Gwen burbled, alternately wiping her
mouth and spitting while her young friend came down from a very powerful
orgasm.

"No I didn't," Nina retorted when she was able to. "I haven't peed yet."

"Something came out of you!" Gwen said, still spitting.

"Did it taste like pee?"

"I don't know what pee tastes like?"

"You've never tasted your own pee?"

"Eww, no!"

"It's really not that bad ..." Nina squatted and concentrated, then stuck
her hand under her crotch and filled it with urine. To Gwen's surprise, she
raised her hand to her face and licked it.

"See? Try it."

"No!" Gwen moved backwards. "Gross!"

"At least smell it, because it's not the same as what came out of me! I
didn't pee!"

Gwen leaned forward and gingerly inhaled her friend's damp, glistening
hand. It smelled of salty, tart urine, a familiar scent out here by the
pond -- but it certainly wasn't the honeylike, sweet fluid that had poured
onto her tongue a minute ago.

"It's not the same ..."

"See? That was come, not pee."

"Come? What's that?"

"My Aunt Sarah told me that when a woman has that special feeling, she has
some liquid that comes out and that's why it's called come, because it
comes out then."

"It's never come out of me!"

"Me neither, not until just now. Maybe the special feeling needs to be
really awesome in order to make the come go."

"Well, you do it to me now and make my come go."

"OK."

Instead of standing, Gwen laid back in a grassy patch and opened her legs,
giving Nina full access. Nina crawled over to her friend and, placing her
small, cool hands on Gwen's thin thighs, leaned in and gave Gwen's vagina a
long, loving kiss -- using her tongue as well as her lips.

"Oh! Oh! What is that?" Gwen cried.

"I'm kissing you!"

"Is that your tongue though?"

"Yeah, like they kiss on TV, you know? Do you like it?"

"Yeah ..."

Nina leaned in and continued kissing Gwen's tiny, sweet slit, wiggling her
tongue around inside the sugary walls, rubbing her lips and chin all over
Gwen's outer labia. Gwen squirmed and squealed with pleasure.

Nina had a flash of inspiration. She reached in with one hand and slowly
slid her finger inside of her friend's beautiful vagina, then continued to
lick and kiss her passionately. This was more than enough to drive Gwen
over the edge -- and even though she did release a little come along with
many cries of absolute rapture, Nina did not stop until she had given Gwen
three very strong orgasms.

"Oh ... oh, Nina ..." Gwen gasped. Her fingers were clutching the dirt and
grass around them and her toes were curling with post-orgasmic waves of
electricity. "Nina, that felt awesome!"

Nina smiled and rubbed her arm across her face to wipe away some of Gwen's
sticky juices. "Now you know how I felt."

The girls got dressed and left the field. As they walked down their street,
Gwen turned to Nina and said, "We forgot to pee again!"

They bade each other a giggling farewell at Nina's driveway, then Gwen went
home and peed. This time, she did not wipe with toilet paper, but rubbed
her wet vagina with her hand and fingered it until she came again. Then she
slowly raised her hands to her face, smelled them, then took a tentative
lick. Delicious.

She licked her hands clean, wiped herself with toilet paper, washed her
hands and flushed.



Nina came over to Gwen's house later that week with some bad news. She was
going to stay at her Aunt Sarah's house in the country for a whole month
while her parents went on vacation together. Gwen immediately begged her
mother to let her visit Nina for a weekend, and Gwen's mother agreed. The
two girls excitedly made plans together.



When Nina arrived at Aunt Sarah's, she temporarily forget her best friend
while she reacquainted herself with the many animals on the property. Aunt
Sarah had a lot of land and owned a few horses, many dogs, and some goats
and chickens. It was only later at night when Nina really started to miss
Gwen. Her only comfort was the thought that Gwen would be there in two
weeks.

Sarah noticed Nina's sadness and made a special effort to spend time with
her niece. They had tickle fights and water wars and contests outside, but
they also had reading time and TV time and creativity time indoors. Nina
told Sarah all about her best friend Gwen, omitting all information about
their special games they played next to the pond in the field. Sarah said
that it sounded like Gwen was a special friend, and did Nina know that
there was a pond at the far end of her property?

Nina did not know that. She resolved to go visit the pond the next morning.



Nina was up before Aunt Sarah. She put on shorts, a T-shirt and some
sandals and crept out the back door. She went out past the barn and past
the corral, further into Aunt Sarah's property than she had been
before. Finally she saw it, way out back by the southeastern corner: a
large pond, much larger than the one in the field near her house. She went
over and stood next to it, then tossed a few rocks in.

Unbeknownst to Nina, Sarah was up and dressed and was outside looking for
her niece. Sarah was wearing a modest one-piece swimsuit and sandals
because she knew the pond was fun to splash around in. She was also
carrying a couple of towels. When Sarah spotted her niece in the distance,
tossing rocks into the pond, she smiled to herself and decided to sneak up
on Nina and tickle her.

Nina, completely unaware of her aunt approaching in the distance, decided
to relieve some of the good feelings she and Gwen experienced in the past
year. She took off her shorts and panties, and then on a whim decided to
take off her shirt too. Then she laid down in the grass and started to rub
herself.

Sarah crept quietly down the narrow path which led to the pond. She had
seen Nina undress but didn't hear her jump in the pond. Maybe she was
sunbathing nude? Down the path she could barely see Nina's legs stretched
out on the grass next to the pond. Sarah noticed immediately that Nina's
legs were not still, but were slowly moving around, twitching and
flexing. She suddenly realized that Nina was masturbating. A hot flush of
excitement coursed through her body and she decided to get closer.

After rubbing herself for a while, Nina decided to pee. She squatted with
her back to the path and concentrated, placing one of her hands underneath
her small torso to catch the golden flow.

Sarah could see all of this clearly, and when Nina started peeing into her
own hand and then splashing her own urine back up onto her vagina, Sarah
had to bite her lip to keep from calling out to her niece. Her own hand
crept down her torso and slipped underneath the seam of her bathing suit to
caress her own full, soft labia. This was really getting her excited.

Nina continued to splash her urine back up against herself, moaning
softly. When she was done she started to rub herself with her pee-soaked
hand and she also inserted a finger inside her body. Her moans grew
slightly louder.

Sarah decided that now was the time to intervene. She walked until she was
directly behind Nina and then said, "Nina, what are you doing?"

Nina fell over with surprise and fear. She scrambled to grab her clothes,
but Sarah, laughing, reached over and pulled her upright, stroking her
hair.

"It's OK, honey. What you were doing wasn't bad. Remember what I told you
before? It's OK for women to touch themselves."

Nina hoped that Sarah hadn't seen her playing with her pee. "I know, Aunt
Sarah. You scared me though!"

"Well, I didn't want to interrupt you, but then I just had to ask you what
you were doing."

"I was, you know, masturbating."

"I saw more than that, honey. You were peeing too."

Sarah felt Nina freeze in her arms. "You won't tell, will you? Will you?"
Nina begged, clutching at her aunt.

The older woman laughed and hugged her naked little niece. "No, darling, of
course not. I just wanted to know ... where did you learn that? It's not,
um, unusual or bad, it's just ... where did you learn that?"

"Oh, uh, I don't know, I mean ... it just felt good ..."

"The reason I ask, Nina, is because I do that sometimes, and someone had to
show me how to do it."

Nina took a step back from her aunt and stared up at her. "Really?"

Sarah sighed deeply, feeling a familiar, damp stirring within her. "Yes,
really." She took another deep breath. "Want me to show you?"

Nina nodded.

This was really going too far, Sarah thought, but we've gone far enough
now. Besides, it's harmless, isn't it?

She set the towels down in the grass and then pulled down the shoulder
straps of her suit. In one graceful motion, she slid her swimsuit off of
her tall body and stood nude in front of her niece. She opened her arms and
smiled as if to say, How do you like me?

Nina just stared at her aunt's voluptuous body. Sarah was tall, much taller
than Nina's mother, with heavy breasts that hung down on her chest. She had
a slightly rounded belly with a slender, shaved pudenda framed by strong
legs.

Sarah squatted in front of Nina and gestured for Nina to squat too. The
young girl watched closely as Sarah tensed, then began to urinate. Nina
stared at the harsh golden stream hissing noisily from between Sarah's
labia, which protruded noticeably from between her legs.

While watching her niece's facial expression, Sarah reached underneath
herself and caught her urine in her cupped hand, then splashed it back
against her vagina. She did this repeatedly, rubbing the warm liquid all
over her crotch, humming pleasantly to herself, keeping her eyes focused on
Nina, who was completely spellbound.

"Let me show you something else fun to do with peeing," Sarah whispered in
an unusually husky voice. She was tremendously turned on. The situation was
strongly reminiscent of things she had experienced in her own childhood --
secret games with her friends, mutual masturbation with her older sister,
being paid a dollar to pee in front of older boys -- and so it provided a
powerful mental rush for Sarah.

"Let's move over here away from the mess we've made. I'll sit down first,
then you sit here in front of me." Sarah sat with her legs spread wide and
Nina sat in front of her, Indian-style.

"No, open your legs wide, like mine. Put them on top of mine. That's it."
Now Sarah and Nina's crotches were only inches apart. Sarah leaned back a
bit and motioned for Nina to do the same.

"OK, do you still have to pee?" Sarah asked quietly.

"Maybe a little," Nina replied softly.

"OK ... hold yourself open and pee right on me."

Nina closed her eyes and concentrated. A few drops trickled from her slit,
then a regular stream jetted out, splashing against Sarah's inner
labia. Sarah grinned and sighed, then, holding herself open, pushed herself
to pee too. The strong golden stream shot out of her labia and splattered
across Nina's abdomen, streaming down over her splayed genitals.

"Oh, it's so warm!" Nina exclaimed.

"Rub it on yourself, sweetie. Go ahead."

Nina followed her aunt's suggestion and smeared the urine all over her
thighs and belly.

"Up on your breasts, too, baby."

Nina cupped her hand and poured the warm fluid over her left nipple. She
shivered. "It's so warm, Aunt Sarah," she whispered with delight.

"Here, hold on a minute," Sarah said, stopping her flow. "Lay down in the
grass there."

Nina laid back and was surprised to see Sarah squatting over her torso.

"You'll like this, baby," Sarah murmured, "and then you can do it to me."

Sarah peed directly onto Nina's chest, then moved her hips back so that the
spray splashed against Nina's vagina.

"Ooohhh," Nina moaned, rubbing the fluid all over her little body. "Oh,
Aunt Sarah, it feels awesome!"

"Now you do it to me," Sarah whispered, laying in the wet grass next to her
niece. "Go ahead, baby."

Nina stood up, then squatted over her aunt's heavy breasts. "I don't know
if I can," she complained. "I don't have to pee."

"Try, baby. Just try."

The girl closed her eyes and concentrated. A modest spurt leaked out of her
crotch, dripping down on her aunt's cleavage, then a brief, warm stream
cascaded down over Sarah's breasts.

"Oh honey, that feels lovely on my tits," Sarah hissed lewdly. "Oh, yes."

As soon as Nina finished, Sarah grasped her hips and pulled her down to her
face. She sucked hungrily at Nina's young, wet slit, sliding her tongue in
and out of the narrow orifice. Nina tried hard to keep her balance while
her passionate aunt made love to her.

"Oh, Aunt Sarah ... oh ... I'm getting that special feeling! It's coming,
it's coming! I'm coming! Oh! Ohh, ooooohhh ...." Nina closed her eyes and
pressed herself down on her aunt's mouth, allowing the flow of honeyed come
and a few stray drops of urine to trickle down into her aunt's waiting
mouth.

Sarah sucked vigorously at the sweet pre-teen crotch, savoring the
delicious liquids. Her thumbs rubbed at Nina's rectal entrance, causing her
niece to quiver and jump.

Finally, Sarah allowed Nina to relax. The two shared a very wet, sticky and
strong-smelling embrace.

"We should get in the pond and clean off, sweetie," Sarah whispered in her
niece's ear. Nina got off of her aunt and leaped into the pond, then almost
as quickly scrambled to the shore and jumped around in the grass.

"It's COLD!" she shrieked. Sarah laughed.

"Come on, it won't be so cold if we go in together." Sarah picked Nina up
and asked her to wrap her thin legs around her waist. With Sarah's large
breasts pressed warmly against Nina's chest and stomach, the two females
hugged. Then Sarah walked slowly into the pond until both of them were
neck-deep in the water.

"See, it's not so bad," Sarah whispered. Nina nodded.

"Did you like what we did out there in the grass?"

Nina nodded again.

"Do you want to do it again?"

Another nod.

"Are you going to tell anybody?"

Nina shook her head.

"Even your friend Gwen?"

Nina hesitated, then shook her head again.

"You want to tell her?"

Nod.

Sarah paused for a second. "Do you want to tell her what we did, or show
her?"

"Show her."

"I'll make you a deal. We'll show her together, OK?"

"Really?"

"Really."

"OK."



When Gwen's mother brought her out to Sarah's house, Sarah and Nina were
waiting for them on the porch. Nina ran out to the car to hug Gwen and help
with her bags. Sarah talked with Gwen's mother for a while, exchanging the
usual adult concerns and confidences.

Once Gwen's mother drove off, Sarah gave Gwen a big hug. "I'm so glad
you're here, Gwen," she said gleefully. "Nina has told me so much about
you."

Gwen glanced over at Nina, worried that her friend had shared a little more
than she should have. Nina just smiled back.

Nina and Sarah had worked out a plan over the past several days in between
their lovemaking sessions. Nina and Gwen would go out to the pond, disrobe,
and start playing some of their usual games. Then, just as she had caught
Nina, Sarah would come up the path and catch the two girls, then join them.

Nina was eager to do it the same day Gwen arrived, but Sarah convinced her
to wait at least a day, arguing that Gwen needed to feel comfortable around
the property. Nina reluctantly agreed, but resolved to show Gwen some of
the new things she had learned that night anyway.

Nina and Sarah gave Gwen a tour of the property, introducing her to the
various animals, showing her the barn and the loft, and then finally taking
her to the pond.

"It's bigger than the pond in the field by our house," Nina said
excitedly. "It's deep! We can swim in it! You brought your bathing suit,
right?"

Gwen nodded, thinking about something else they could do by the pond. Both
Nina and Sarah caught the drift of Gwen's thoughts, and there was a brief
moment of silent tension. Then Sarah broke it by offering to cook dinner
while the girls watched cable movies.



Later that night, Gwen and Nina were stretched out on the sofa bed, still
watching movies on cable. Around 11 pm, Sarah came in, dressed only in a
V-neck T-shirt. Gwen tried not to stare at the voluptuous body of this
beautiful older woman, but she really couldn't help herself, as Sarah
leaned over to kiss Nina goodnight. Gwen was able to stare straight down
Sarah's shirt at her large breasts, now flattened against Nina's body as
the older woman hugged her niece.

"And how about you? Want a kiss and hug goodnight?" Sarah asked. Gwen
nodded and sat up with her arms open.

Sarah leaned over again and noticed Gwen's eyes dart down to glimpse her
breasts. Then they were hugging, and Sarah turned her head to brush her
lips against Gwen's ear and neck. Gwen shivered, enjoying the sensual
embrace and soft kisses, and then it was over all too suddenly.

"Goodnight girls," Sarah said. Gwen stared at the jiggling twin globes of
Sarah's buttocks as she walked out of the room.

Nina reached over and turned out the lamp next to the bed. On the TV, an
R-rated thriller was getting started. Nina rolled over and grabbed her best
friend, starting a tickle war that Gwen would eventually win because Nina
was far more ticklish than she was.

Soon both girls were gasping and giggling. They had kicked the covers off
and they were both sweating in the dark room.

"It's hot," Nina said, taking her nightshirt off. "Take your nightshirt
off."

Gwen did, noticing that Nina was not wearing panties.

"Take your panties off too," Nina whispered, and her friend obeyed. Then
Nina told Gwen how much she missed her and gave her a huge hug and kiss
right on the mouth. Gwen responded warmly, melting in Nina's arms and
returning the kiss. Soon the girls were tongue-kissing each other for the
first time and rolling around on the bed, grinding their hips together.

"Nina ... I love you," Gwen managed to whisper in her best friend's ear
when they came up for air.

Nina pulled back and stared into her best friend's eyes, then kissed her
again. "I love you too, Gwen," she said when they broke the kiss. "I want
to do it with you."

"Here in the bed?" Gwen asked out loud.

"Shh! I don't mean the peeing," Nina explained. "I mean, you know, kissing
it and making it better. Kissing your pussy."

Despite herself, Gwen giggled. "What did you call it?"

"It's your pussy," Nina repeated. "That's what women and men call it,
pussy. Let me kiss your pussy."

"OK."

Gwen laid back on the bed and threw one arm over her eyes. Nina seated
herself between Gwen's spread legs and fell to, licking and sucking her
best friend's honeyed center with more passion than she ever had
before. Gwen bucked and squealed on the bed, no matter how many times Nina
stopped to tell her to be quiet. She whispered instructions to Nina: "Lick
it right there ... kiss it ... now put your finger in me ... oh God, Nina,
lick it up and down some more."

What Gwen didn't know was that Nina was now considerably more experienced
than she used to be, having had nearly two weeks' experience making love to
her aunt Sarah. Nina now knew to concentrate on Gwen's clitoris with her
tongue while building a steady rhythm with her finger. Nina also massaged
Gwen's anus with her middle finger until she was able to ease her fingertip
inside. Gwen jumped and squeaked when Nina's finger entered her rectum, but
relaxed as she started to thoroughly enjoy the delicious sensations. When
her orgasm started, Nina withdrew her fingers from Gwen's body and just
concentrated on flicking her tongue across Gwen's tiny little clit. The
concentration of such profound sensation was more than enough to instigate
Gwen's most powerful orgasm to date, wrenching her thin young body with
quivering energy.

As her friend relaxed, Nina gently licked her thighs and abdomen to bring
her down. Gwen cooed and sighed, stroking her friend's hair and wrapping
her legs over Nina's back.

Nina crawled up so she could kiss Gwen while laying on top of her. Gwen
kissed her back, savoring the forbidden flavors she tasted on Nina's lips
and tongue. The two preteens hugged and kissed for several minutes, until
Gwen broke it off.

"I want to do you now," Gwen insisted. Nina smiled and laid on her back,
hiking her legs up to her shoulders. Gwen went down and examined Nina's
vagina for a few minutes. The pale, puffy lips were swollen with arousal,
exposing the delicious, glistening pink insides along with the dark orifice
at the bottom.

Gwen nearly started crying when she was confronted with this beautiful
flower, this blessed, sacred center of her beloved best friend. With a moan
of desperation, she pressed her lips to the pink V shape, immediately
darting her tongue in and out of Nina's vagina.

"Oh GOD, Gwen," Nina cried, "that feels soooooo good." Nina started giving
her less experienced friend instructions about licking her clitoris and
fingering her two holes. Gwen was a bit reluctant to insert her middle
finger into Nina's rectum, but when her best friend begged her to do it she
could not refuse. Soon she was vigorously working two fingers in and out of
Nina's vagina while simultaneously plunging a third finger back and forth
in Nina's nether orifice, all the while slurping at the engorged little
clitoris that peeked out at her from between the tiny folds of skin.

Out in the hall, Sarah clearly heard the sounds of the two preteens making
love. She was laying flat on her back in the middle of the hall with her
legs propped up on the walls, frantically digging at her genitals,
masturbating violently, biting her lip to keep from crying out with the
sheer filthy lewdness of the situation. She knew she dared not peek in at
the girls on the sofa bed because then she would be unable to resist
joining them.

On the sofa bed, Gwen was in the process of bringing Nina to orgasm. Nina
was gripping the sheets of the bed, bucking her hips forcefully into Gwen's
face, grunting bestially as she rose to her peak. Gwen held her friend's
thighs apart and darted her tongue in and out of the honeyed hole,
alternating with strong strokes across the clitoris, until finally Nina
bellowed and squeezed her thighs against Gwen's head.

Sarah recognized Nina's orgasmic noises and that sparked her own
climax. She had to bite her forearm to keep from screaming with ecstasy as
the familiar hot swarm raged through her body. She accidentally kicked the
wall as wave after wave of boiling orgasm wracked her body.

As Gwen and Nina kissed again, enjoying the afterglow of Nina's orgasm,
they heard the thump against the hall wall. Both girls froze, then grabbed
the sheets and scrambled to feign sleep.

Sarah also froze out in the hall, wondering if the girls had heard her. She
quietly stood and boldly walked into the living room, pretending to check
on the kids. Both of them were, of course, feigning sleep. Sarah stood next
to the bed for a few minutes, calling their bluff, seeing if either of them
would crack. Finally Nina pretended to wake up and asked what Sarah was
doing there.

"Checking on you two," she whispered. "Is Gwen asleep?"

Gwen rolled over, assuming that they were not under suspicion, but gaped
when she saw that Sarah was completely naked.

"Well, you two go back to sleep," Sarah murmured. "Sorry I woke you up."
She smiled to herself, noticing Gwen's reaction to her nudity, and went
back to her bedroom.

All three females slept very soundly for the rest of the night.



The next day, Nina kicked the plan into high gear.

"Want to go out to the pond and swim?" she asked Nina at breakfast.

"Sure."

"I'm too busy to swim this morning," Sarah said, "so you two have fun."

The girls changed into their bathing suits after their meal and walked out
to the pond.

As soon as they got there, Nina said, "Want to do it?"

Gwen nodded. The two girls stripped off their bathing suits. Gwen started
to squat, but Nina said, "Don't do that. I have an idea."

Nina sat in the grass and spread her legs wide, then told Gwen to do the
same directly opposite of her. Nina had to keep telling her friend to scoot
closer and closer. Finally, their warm, aromatic sexual organs were only a
few inches apart.

"OK, now lean back," Nina instructed, "hold yourself open, rub yourself,
and pee on me."

Gwen sighed and shivered, excited beyond words. Both she and Nina started
urinating at the same time. The hot splashes of pee cascaded down their
torsos and over their young genitals, rubbed across their abdomens by busy
hands, and occasionally brought up to their mouths by curious fingers.

When they finished peeing on each other, Nina scooted even closer to Gwen,
so close that it was as if their labia were kissing. Nina put one of her
legs over Gwen's and turned a bit, then started to grind her crotch against
Gwen's. Gwen caught on immediately and rotated her own hips against
Nina. The two girls closed their eyes and leaned back, enjoying the
heavenly feelings ... the hot sun shining on their nude bodies ... the cool
grass and earth pressing against the backs of their legs and buttocks
... the hot, sticky center of each girl melding with the other, clitoris
rubbing against clitoris, labia mashing together, juices covering their
crotches.

It was at this point that a nude Sarah walked up the path and spied the
girls in their entangled, erotic position. She smiled, feeling a warm gush
of lubricant in her vagina, and said "Girls, what's going on?"

Gwen squeaked and leaped to her feet, trying to cover her nude body with
her hands. Nina, playing her role, also jumped up and stammered a
pseudo-explanation.

"Shh, shh, it's OK," Sarah said. "Come here, both of you." She stepped
forward and embraced both of the girls, crushing their faces against her
heavy breasts.

"It's OK," Sarah repeated. "It's OK to do that. Don't be shy! Girls do it
all the time."

"Really?" Gwen and Nina said at the same time, then giggled nervously. Nina
was still playing along with the plan, but Gwen was sincerely curious.

"Sure, girls play together. Want to see some other things girls do?"

Nina nodded vigorously while Gwen looked skeptical.

"It's OK, Gwen. You can watch for now. Come here, Nina, and lay down with
me."

Sarah stretched her towel out on the grass and then laid down on her
back. She motioned for Nina to climb on top of her in a 69 position and
Nina complied quickly. Soon the niece and aunt were gently nuzzling and
licking at each other's vaginas, holding the labia open with their fingers.

Gwen was stunned at the sight. Not only was Nina playing their secret games
with someone else, but that someone else was an older woman and Nina's aunt
to boot. Despite her shock, she clearly felt a hot rush of fluid into her
vagina. She was incredibly aroused.

Nina looked up at her friend. "It's so good," she said. "Come help me."

In a total daze, Gwen fell to her knees, then laid down between Sarah's
legs. She licked gingerly at the hairless vagina, held open by Nina's
little fingers, and then moaned as Nina joined her. Together the two girls
ran their tongues all over Sarah's soft, sweet core.

Sarah had stopped licking Nina and was lying absolutely still except for
her quivering hips and her fingers clenching the dirt and grass at the
sides of the towel. "Oh girls, that's lovely, that's wonderful," she nearly
sang out loud. "Ohhh, yes, oh, ooooh. Oh, lick my pussy. Lick it!"

Gwen and Nina breathed heavily through their noses as they dipped their
faces in between Sarah's fat labia. Every few minutes, Nina would lift her
head to give Gwen complete access to the older woman's genitalia, and then
Gwen would simply press her whole face into the open crotch in front of her
and inhale while licking and sucking frantically. It was so delicious,
smelled so sweet, felt so good.

"Nina, sweetie ... pee on me," Sarah breathed, barely able to get the words
out as the very concept nearly brought her to orgasm.

Nina closed her eyes and sat up a bit, her young thighs pressing against
her aunt's formidable bosom. Sarah was looking directly at her niece's
buttocks and vagina, and soon that vagina was pouring forth hot golden
fluid which trickled between Sarah's breasts and down her neck. Sarah
whined and grabbed Nina's hips, guiding them up and back so that she could
drink directly from the beautiful source.

Sarah locked her lips around her niece's vagina, swallowing rapidly as the
preteen pee poured into her gullet. Nina looked down between her legs and
smiled as she saw her aunt's throat working busily. Gwen was far too busy
burying her face into Sarah's gooey core to notice what was happening.

When Nina finished, her aunt did not release her. Rather, she plunged her
tongue into her niece's honeyed hole, greedily devouring the remainder of
the sweet child's urine even as she sensed the beginnings of Nina's orgasm.

As it happened, aunt and niece reached their peak at the same time. Nina
planted her hands on either side of her aunt's waist, bucking and
shuddering as she discharged her young cum across her aunt's tongue and
lips. Sarah squealed with delight, her cries muffled by her niece's crotch,
wiggling and tapping her toes as she, in turn, had a hard cum, flooding
Gwen's baby face with gooey liquid.

Nina rolled off of her aunt and Gwen sat upright. The three females
breathed shallowly in silence, each amazed at the intense experience that
had just taken place. Then Sarah sat up.

"Gwen, baby, let's go back to the house. I want to make love to you and
Nina."

Gwen melted into the older woman's arms. This was going to be an incredible
weekend.


THE END

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 71: november-morning 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 05 Nov 2000 14:08:33 MST
From: Nait Winzenried <picaco86@hotmail.com>
Subject: November Morning

    It was a cold November morning and I didnt want to leave my cabin.  But
I didnt want to starve either.  Ashley was calling us to breakfast and I was
hungry.  I reluctantly got out of my bunk, now colder because i was wearing
nothing but panties and a bra.  I wasnt embarrassed standing that way in
front of the other girls, we all did it.  I got dressed in a sweater, a
heavy coat, and a pair of wool lined pants and left my cabin to the lodge
for breakfast.

  When I got to the mess hall, I found my table and sat with the rest of my
cabin for breakfast.  We were able waiting today so we had to eat early.  I
had to be the able waiter for Aspen Cabin.  The counselor for them was kinda
cute so I didnt mind.  His name was Nait, and I had a small crush on him, so
did all of the other girls in the cabin.  But we could all tell that he
liked Ashley, our counselor.

  Nait was about 5' 10" tall with a nice build.  He was 15, he had brown
hair and greenish eyes.  Ashley had blonde hair and blue eyes.  She was 18,
kinda tall and very cute.  Even I could admit that I liked what I saw in
her.  Then there is me.  My name is Alyssa, Im 12, I am pretty short, only
4'8" thin, dark brown hair, brown eyes.

  I remember this morning because it was my first morning at Camp, and I we
were going on a long hike to the crystal beds.  We all met at our stake at
the right time, Ashley was there, Amy, the other counselor on the trip was
there, but Nait and Lincoln were late, they came dressed like hillbillies
with all kinds of miner stuff.

  I was happy we finally got to start doing something.  First we went on the
big hike up to the crystal beds and went looking for quartz crystals.  I
found alot.  At one point I saw that Nait and Ashley had disappeared had
disappeared, but I wanted to show them my crystals, so I went to find them.

  I started walking in to the woods, and I thought I heard something, so I
walked over there and looked behind a big boulder to see Nait and Ashley
making out!!  I didnt know what to do so I just stayed unnoticed and watched
for a minute, and then I noticed something wasnt right, I saw Ashleys
sweater on the ground, and I looked to see her breasts very much exposed.  I
started getting a funny feeling in my pussy from this.  I finally walked out
from the boulder I was hiding behind, and startled them.  Ashley tried to
cover her breasts, and looked really embarrased, and Nait turned around and
started walking away.  I stopped them both and told them to come back.  I
said I wouldnt tell.  They looked a little relieved, and Ashley started
putting her sweater back on, I stopped her again.  She looked confused, and
I started to take my clothes off.  Nait tried to stop and said something
about child molestation.  But Ashley calmed him, and told me to go ahead.  I
fanally got down to only my panties and bra, but started getting a little
cold.  Ashley told me to come to her, and she held me close with my face
directly in her breasts!!  I couldnt believe it, but then Nait came over and
held her close with me in the middle he started kissing her again, and she
nearly jumped when I started licking her breasts.

  She told Nait to go, and he did, he went to the boulder I was behind
before, and sat watching us.  Ashley started to take my bra off, I felt a
little weird getting naked in the middle of the woods in front of the two
counselors I liked, but Ashley comforted me and continued, she got my bra
off, and started licking my breasts, while I sat there astonished.  I could
see her pants were getting a little bit wet, so I told her to take them off,
she did, and I was surprised to see her not wearing panties, I could see she
shaved her pussy.  I took my panties off to reveal my hairless pussy.

  I asked her to touch me, and she said no.  I felt really embarrased, and
she asked me to stand up, she laid back, told me to sit on her face.  Now I
was really confused.  But I did as she said.  She started licking my
hairless little sex hole with no mercy, but covered my mouth.  That was a
good thing because I screamed several times with pleasure, and we wouldnt
want the rest of the group to hear us.  I orgasmed almost immediately, and
filled her mouth with my juices.  I tried to do the same to her, by getting
down to her pussy and attacking it relentlessly, she started quietly showing
her pleasure with small sighs and groans.  I had never done this before, so
I was lost as to what else to do other than lick and suck.  I found
something pretty soon thereafter, a small silky smooth little button, I bit
it gently and her whole bady shook with pleasure, and she asked me not to
play with it.  I agreed and kept licking her shaved pussy lips, and got
really startled when she started licking me again.

  I must have orgasmed 10 times after that, with her orgasming twice.  Nait
told us it was time to go, so we got up and again realized the cold of the
morning, we dressed quickly and returned to the group.  I have not been with
another girl since Ashley, and I dont think I ever will be, unless by some
strange miracle she appears in my life again.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 72: one-time-transgression 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 20 Jul 1999 08:12:03 PDT
From: silent killer <kyoushuman@hotmail.com>
Subject: One-Time Transgression (ff, Ff, inc, pedo, cons)

I have a terrible secret that I want to share with you. I hope you won't
think too badly of me when I tell you. The secret is ... well, maybe I
should just tell you the whole story.


Basically the story starts about twenty years ago when I was a little
girl. I had a best friend named Rosemary and we did everything together. We
grew up in the same neighborhood and were best friends for years and
years. We spent all of our time in each other's company, which included
lots of slumber parties, sleepovers, etc.

At one of these sleepovers when it was just me and Rosemary, she kept
putting her hand in her panties and itching herself. I think we were about
eight or nine. I asked her what she was doing and she explained about how
itching herself down there felt good. So we both did it. And then a few
months later we were doing it to each other. Eventually we would take off
all of our clothes and spend many hours each night caressing each other's
bodies.

After we got caught by Rosemary's mother, we quit doing it for a long time,
maybe two years. Then one night she pulled a scrapbook and a flashlight out
of her overnight bag. We hid under the covers in my bedroom and looked at
the scrapbook. It was full of black-and-white pornographic photos,
including lots of pictures that showed lesbian oral sex.

We egged each other on to try it until Rosemary finally accepted my dare.
We both took off all of our bedclothes. I was so excited I was shaking, it
had been so long since we had done this stuff. So I lay on my back and
opened my legs and she just kissed and licked my little hairless thing for
a long time until I twitched and sighed and pushed her away. Then of course
I had to do it to her, and it was wonderful.

After that we did it more than we did before. Every day we would find a
place to be alone and perform oral sex on each other. At some point, I
don't remember when, we figured out 69, and that was like a special treat.

Around the time we started getting really interested in boys, we lost
interest in each other. Well, Rosemary lost interest in me, but I was still
interested in her. But we never did anything again. I befriended another
girl in the neighborhood who was a year younger than me and would do all
the things that Rosemary and I did together. I also coaxed a babysitter of
mine into letting me do some stuff to her. But that was it, and there
really wasn't much of it.

But that's not the terrible secret. That's just the prelude.

Around my junior year of high school I gave up my lesbian tendencies, or at
least I thought I did. I would have a vivid memory-dream about Rosemary
every now and then but that was it, I thought I was completely over the
whole thing. I loved men, I loved to make love to them, and I never thought
about women.

OK, this next part is a little difficult for me to talk about. But I guess
I have to tell you now since I built up to it so much.

OK, just a couple of weeks ago, my older sister Katie asked me to watch her
daughter (my niece) for a long weekend, four days from Friday to Monday.
She was going on a second honeymoon with her husband and all I had to do
was housesit and babysit my niece Dawn. OK, no problem. Dawn was about nine
years old and a sweet little girl, not whiny or pouty or bratty at all. We
got along great.

So I'm sitting out by the pool with Dawn in the big fenced-in backyard and
I decide to work on my tan. Katie had a big privacy fence built around her
pool so she could do the same thing I was about to do. I took off my
one-piece and just spread out on the chair. Dawn was playing in the
sprinkler in the yard and she ran over to ask me why I was naked. I told
her that I was getting a tan all over so I would have no tan lines. Dawn,
who was already a couple of shades darker than me, pulled off one of her
shoulder straps and looked at her tan line, then asked me if tan lines were
bad. I said no, they weren't bad, but sometimes they looked funny. Dawn
said she thought they looked funny too and asked me for permission to be
naked. I said OK.

Now at the time I wasn't thinking about this in a weird way at all. I was
just laying there sweating and getting sun. Even when Dawn was naked in
front of me I didn't think of her in a sexual way. She just went and played
while I sat there and baked. But then I remembered that she would burn
easily, especially in the areas that were pale and untouched by sun. So I
called her over and had her stand next to me while I grabbed the bottle of
suntan lotion.

When my hand smeared a trail of coconut-scented lotion across her flat
chest and rounded belly, I immediately got wet. It was just like the gentle
caressing that Rosemary and I used to do. I backed out by handing Dawn the
lotion and telling her to do the rest herself. Dawn dutifully smeared the
lotion all over herself, everywhere she could reach. She giggled with
embarrassment as she rubbed the lotion on her little crack, too. But then
she handed the bottle back to me and turned around and said "I can't reach
my back."

So that's how I ended up feeling my naked niece's bare buttocks. I really
did go too far. I coated her back with lotion and then I spent about 45
seconds too long rubbing the lotion into her ass. I felt her puckered hole
between the cheeks. I had her spread her legs a bit and I rubbed lotion on
her little vagina for a long time. She squirmed and giggled and grinned
over her shoulder at me.

Finally I stopped myself and sat back. I put the bottle down and clamped my
legs together so I could flex my thighs and tweak myself, but she insisted
on putting lotion on me too.

Dawn stood behind me and rubbed lotion all over my body. She spent far too
much time on my breasts but I didn't stop her. It felt so good but I felt
so guilty at the same time. You can't understand what it's like to look
down and see those small, slightly pudgy little girl's hands rubbing your
nipples and squeezing your boobs. It's so fucking hot. It was like I had
Rosemary with me again. In fact I was fantasizing that Dawn was Rosemary
and that's probably what led to the next thing.

Dawn ended up rubbing lotion around my pussy lips. At first she kind of
skipped over that part but I held her hand and rubbed myself with her
fingers and told her it was OK to touch me there. Then I let go of her hand
and she kept doing it. She even put one finger inside of me for just a
second but she blushed and pulled away. It was so cute when she blushed.

Then I stood up and I was like, OK, let's go inside. And we went in and I
went straight up to Katie's room and put us on the bed. I said, Dawn, do
you want to feel good like we were outside? And she just smiled and nodded,
she was so happy. It was just like with Rosemary, she was so excited about
doing this stuff. So I taught her how to lick me by licking her first, and
pretty quickly I got her into a 69. Oh God, it was so amazing to suck her
bald little thing and to feel her little jaw and tongue working down there
between my legs. Oh Jesus, I can't finish writing this, I have to go stop
and you know, take care of myself.



OK, I'm back. Sorry about that. Anyway, Dawn took a shower together and I
basically kissed her all over some more. Then we dried off and got dressed
and I told her that it was a secret and she nodded. I asked her if she
could keep secrets and she nodded again, a lot. I was like, tell me some of
your secrets and she said No Way. So I think our secret will be safe. And
for the rest of the weekend we were just totally like kids in love, we made
love every day and night. And when her parents came back Dawn was so sad to
see me go. I told Katie that I would babysit for Dawn any time she wanted
me to.

The thing is, I want to do it again, but I am so scared of hurting her
somehow. I mean, the thing with Rosemary never hurt me or Rosemary, but
there's such an age difference this time. Well, when my babysitter and I
messed around that didn't hurt me either, and she was like six years older
than me. But I'm like thirteen or fourteen years older than Dawn. I don't
know. I guess we'll just see what happens.


THE END

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 73: peeping-tony 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 25 Feb 2004 13:14:35 -0800 (PST)
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: Peeping Tony (Beginnings g/ff)

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between teenagers.  If this type of content
offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded
for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you
wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author
for permission.

Copyright 2004 Jan, All Rights Reserved.

Please mail to janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future stories.


                          Peeping Tony
                              By
                             Jan


	Tony was about thirteen when her family moved into a
neighborhood where there were not a lot of children. The one
family on her block that did have children was several houses
up the street.  They had a daughter named Nell that was Tony's
age.  The girls were in the same homeroom at school and soon
became close friends.

	Nell had an older sister.  She was a senior in high school
and a bit of a snob.  She hardly talked to Tony or Nell other
than to give them orders.  She was a pretty girl in spite of her
snobbish ways.  With her long black hair, blue eyes and her
flawless skin she was a striking beauty. Her five foot four body
had a creamy pink marble quality about it.  Sherrie had a small
group of girls her age that were her friends.  When they came
home from school they hardly even noticed the two younger
girls on their way to Sherrie's bedroom.  They would retreat to
her room lock the door and all that was heard through the door
was the sound of music from her radio or CD player and the
sound of their talking.  Not that Tony could make out what they
were saying.

	On a warm day when there was hardly a cloud in the shy
Tony rode her bike over to Nell's to play with her.  She had
come directly from school after stopping for a snack at Mc
Donald's.  She rode her bike down a side path so that she could
enter the house from the back door.

	She had been allowed to do that because she was like
another member of the family after a few months.  Nell's mom
use to come to the front door to let her in and fond that it was
just easer to let her come in the back way.  The mother was a
tall kindly woman with black hair like Sherrie's.  She would
often sit and talk to Tony if Nell was not home when she got
there.

	On this particular day the house seemed to be very quiet
almost deserted as she leaned her bike against the side of the
house and walked toward the backdoor.  Besides she was a
curious child if not nosy she looked into the windows for signs
of life as she walked down the driveway. The front room
looked empty and there seemed to be no one in the kitchen.
The final window was that of Sherrie's bedroom.

	When she first looked in that window there was no action
in the room; however, as Tony was about to rock back onto her
heels and continue towards the backdoor when the bedroom
door opened and Sherrie and one of her friends came into the
room.  They had their school books and stuff with them and
they dropped them on the bed before sitting on the bed.

	Tony had seen this girl with Sherrie several times before.
It was obvious that the girl worshiped by her.  She never took
her eyes off of her and hung on every word that Sherrie uttered.
She was a pretty thing whose straight blond hair hung between
her shoulder blades.  She was a little smaller than Sherrie and
perhaps a bit fuller of figure.

	Anyway after they removed their jackets they sat on the
bed and talked with each other for a moment.  Tony could not
make out what they were saying from outside.

	Tony was about to retreat, feeling a little embarrassed
about her actions when Sherrie shocked her by placing her right
hand behind the head of her friend and pulling her head close
and kissing her on the mouth.  They were kissing each other
and feeling each other up.  Tony froze in her excitement at
watching these two older girls doing, what she had been
brought up considered to be, nasty things to each other.

	They rolled back onto the bed still kissing.  They
struggled with getting first their blouses off and then their bras
as they rolled around on the bed.  Sherrie sat up and moved so
that her back was against the wall behind her bed as her
girlfriend moved forward.  She took Sherrie's nipples into her
mouth and sucked on them in turn.  After a short time Sherrie
took charge and rolled the blonde onto her back and started
sucking on her nipples as well.  With the blonde on her back it
was hard for Tony to see what was going on.

	She did see Sherrie lift the blonde's legs and remove her
panties.  When she got between her legs on her tummy,  Tony
could not see what she was doing but she knew that she was
kissing her on her pussy.  All she could see was Sherrie holding
the blonde's legs open with her hands on her thighs.

	The blonde was making moaning noises and her head
was rocking from side to side.  She suddenly opened her eyes
and looked out of the window.  Tony thought she saw her and
froze in fear that she had been caught spying on them.  Tony
felt it was safer to not move incase the movement would alert
them to her presence.

	After awhile Sherrie sat up.  Both girls removed their
skirts and panties.  They flung the martial onto the bedroom
floor.  They were hugging, kissing and laughing.  Their hands
were rubbing the skin of each other's bodies as they twisted and
turned as the locked their lips in another hard kiss.  Tony
thought that this was unbelievable.  She forced herself to
continue watching even though she was at great risk of being
caught spying on the girls.

	She watched as Sherrie pushed the blonde backwards
onto her back and then start licking and sucking her body from
her mouth down her toward the girl's crotch.  Tony heard a car
turn into a driveway.  She almost panicked as her heart pounded
thinking that Sherrie's mother was about to catch her looking
into the window of her daughter.  It turned out to be the
neighbor's driveway and the hedge blocked the view of their
neighbor's yard.

	Tony's attention was drawn back to the action in the
bedroom.  Sherrie had turned around so that she was in a head
to tail position and was licking the blonde's pussy.  Tony could
not see what the blonde was doing but she knew by the way her
head was moving that she was doing the same thing to Sherrie.
Watching the way Sherrie was lapping at the blonde's pussy
was causing Tony to want to masturbate too.  It may have been
only a few minutes but seemed like hours as they licked each
other until Sherrie moved forward disengaging the blonde's
mouth from her cunt and stretched like a cat would.

	The blonde ran her hands over Sherrie's bottom and said
something that Tony could not make out.  Sherrie returned to
sucking on the blonde's pussy as the blonde head rocked back
and forth.  She could not make out what was being said but she
could tell that the blonde was climaxing because she was
bucking up and down wildly.  Sherrie didn't stop sucking her
cunt as her head was buffeted around.  The blonde lifted her
legs up and her toes pointed at the ceiling and her face grimiest
with a pained look as her orgasm over took her.  Sherrie rolled
of her and they both rested like a couple of well fed cats.

	Tony took this time to back away from the window and
slip quietly away.  As she got back to the front yard she ran into
Sherrie's mother.  She had a shopping bag in her arms and was
struggling with her house key.  She asked Tony to open the
door for her.  She got her to help carry in the groceries too.  The
mother told her that Nell was at her granny's home helping her
clean her home.

	As they were un-bagging the groceries the two girls
joined them.  Even if the mother didn't notice that their clothes
were rumpled as if they dressed in a hurry Tony did.

	As soon as mom had everything put away she excused
herself because she needed to rush off to a college course she
was taking in photography.  Tony was about to leave when
Sherrie told her to freeze.

	"We saw you spying on us!"  She turned to the blonde
and said, "Don't you think she should be punished for being a
Peeping Tom?"

	The blonde got a wicked smile on her face and agreed
with Sherrie.

	They took hold of Tony's arms and pulled the frightened
girl into Sherrie's bedroom.  They forced her to her knees and
lifted their dresses and pulled down their panties and then made
her suck their pussies.  Tony was in a state of near shock.  She
was both frightened and sexually aroused.  While she had never
before even considered having sex with another girl, now that is
was happening she found that she couldn't get enough of these
pungent smelling cunts.  Her inexperienced tongue drilled deep
into each of them as their fluids flowed freely into her mouth
and down her throat.

      When they were finally sated they pulled Tony's skirt up
and pulled her panties down to her knees and took turns
spanking her bare pink butt.

	Tony found the spanking to be very erotic even though it
did hurt and she was crying uncontrollably by the time their
hands got tired whacking against her tender ass cheeks.  Then
she was told to continue tongue fucking first one and then the
other until they heard the car in the driveway.

      They rushed to get dressed and into the family room
before mom came in.  She had Nell with her.  She had stopped
by granny's home to pick her up.

	Surprisingly Tony never told Nell about what had
happened that night.  She did however continue servicing
Sherrie and her lesbian friends whenever they could arrange for
her to be alone with them.  By the time they were all grown and
separated she had experienced sex in many forms and had
performed acts that would have seemed disgusting to her just a
few years previous.


I hope you enjoyed the story and have a story you would like
told please send your mail to janmay699@icqmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 74: sally-and-alicia 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Fri, 19 Dec 2003 11:19:47 -0800 (PST)
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: Sally and Alicia (Young Friends & Beginning  f/f)

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between two young teenagers.  If this type
of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not
read it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded
for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you
wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author
for permission.

Copyright 2003 Jan, All Rights Reserved.

Please mail to janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future stories.


                         Sally and Alicia
                               By
                              Jan


	Sally and Alicia lived in the city of Boston in a middle
class neighborhood of single-family dwellings.  They were best
friends from the time they were children.  They were the same
age and were always in the same classroom together in school.
They played together all the time and frequently had sleepovers
at each other's home.

	Alicia developed physically faster than Sally did.  When
they reached the age of puberty Alicia had larger breasts and
more pubic hair than Sally did.  Alicia probably was not aware
that Sally was starting to develop a sexual interest in her at the
time.  For reasons that she didn't fully understand, Sally wanted
to touch her friend and do other things to her body.  Oh!  She
had heard other girls talking in the bathroom at school about
things they had done and what they thought other girls were
doing and with whom.

	Alicia was real cute.  She had dark brown hair, large
brown eyes, with thick bushy eyebrows and thick full lips.  She
was a little on the chubby side.  Her smile just made you want
to smile too.  The two girls had seen each other undressed tons
of times.  They had even taken baths together.  So Sally was
very familiar with Alicia's physical appearance.

	On the other hand Sally was slimmer and not as
developed as Alicia.  Her skin was fairer with only the faintest
trace of freckles across her nose.  Her eyes were someplace
between green and blue and she had light brown hair that her
mother allowed her to streak with blonde highlights.  At
thirteen years old she her breasts were not much larger than
fries eggs and you could count the few pubic hairs that had
sprouted on her vulva.

	One night when Alicia was sleeping over with Sally, they
were in her room before going to bed. They started talking and
fooling around like they always did.  They played a game in
which they dared each other to do things.  It was like "if you do
it, I will do it too". After a few more innocent "dares" Alicia
dared Sally to kiss her boobs like a boy would.  At that she lay
back on the bed and waited to see if Sally would take her up on
her challenge.

	Sally rolled over on top of Alicia and pulled her T-shirt
up.  Then to Alicia's surprise, she kissed her on her lips as she
felt her right breast.  Only then did she bend down so that she
could fulfill the "dare". Her puckered lips found the large
brown nipple of first her right breast then the other.  Then she
kissed her on the lips a second time.  Alicia's eyes were wide
open.  She did not say a word.  Then it was Sally's turn and
Alicia rolled Sally over.  She copied everything Sally had done
to her.

	Sally decided to take a chance making a suggestion that
she had enjoyed what they had done and wanted to do it again.
Alicia agreed that it felt cool, so they swapped positions so that
Sally could play with her.  This time Sally spent more time
nibbling and sucking on her little nipples and her hand caressed
and kneaded the breast as she did so.   Alicia was responding to
the sexual play by closing her eyes and letting out soft little
sighs.

	Sally said, "You know, there's something else they say is
fun to do."

	Alicia asked, "What is that?"

	While Sally looked her straight in the eyes, she removed
her hand from her breast and slid it own her body to her crotch.
She just barely touched it over the outside of her panties.

	Sally said, "They call it `going down on a girl' when you
smell her right here" as she stroked her fingers up and down on
her cunny.  Before she could answer Sally returned to sucking
on her nipples while still stroking her panties.  That allowed
Alicia time to consider the proposition in silence as her friend
continued to arouse her.

	Sally kissed her again and hugged her tightly while
Alicia was thinking about what she had said.  Meanwhile she
boldly moved her hand inside Alicia's panties.  She ran her
hand down inside them until her fingers touched the soft dark
brown bush.  She whispered in Alicia's ear, "I'm ready if you
are?"

	Alicia said nothing, instead she placed her hands on
Sally's shoulders and gently pushed down on them.  Of course
Sally understood what she wanted and moved down the bed so
that she was lying on top of her legs.  She took hold of the
waistband of her panties and pulled the front down enough so
that she had a clear view of pubis patch before her.  She asked
Alicia to lift her butt so that she could remove her panties.
Sally could tell the Alicia was kind of nervous as she pulled the
panties down and off from her legs.

	Sally complemented her, "You have such a pretty bush!
I wish I had as much hair as you do!"

	"Thanks!  But you would get tired of shaving so much if
you were as hairy as me!" Alicia replied in an obvious attempt
to sound more grown up than was the case.

	Alicia held her legs tightly together and Sally asked her
to bend her knees so that she could get a better look.  She
helped her lift her body so that Alicia could spread her legs.
When she did so Sally positioned herself for a closer look.  As
she drew her face closer she smelled the odor and found it to be
very strong.  She didn't much care for the aroma but she did
enjoy playing with the forest of hair with her fingers.  An
embarrassed Alicia asked if she smelled dirty?

	Neither of them had showered all day so they both
carried a strong body odor.  Sally could not bring herself to tell
her friend how badly her cunt reeked so she replied "You smell
just fine."
	Sally noticed was that her clitoris was hooded by her
labia.  The labia were smooth and did not protrude beyond her
crack.  She continued moving her face closer until she was
actually touching her cunt with her nose and cheeks.  She gave
the valley a tentative lick.  She found that the taste had a raw
meaty flavor that was not nearly as unpleasant as the smell.
The longer she rubbed her face in the warm valley the more she
became accustom to the aroma.  Her extended tongue probed
between the lips of her young friend and she felt the shiver that
ran through her body.  Alicia urged her to continue and she
drove her tongue deep into the girl's cunt as her nose pressed
hard against that little clitty.  By the time Alicia reached her
climax Sally's face was covered with her sticky juices flowing
from the young girl's vagina.  She rested her chin on her pubic
bone and looked up at her friend and saw the satisfied smile on
Alicia's face.

	Sally asked her if she wanted to try doing it?  Alicia said,
"Sure! I'm willing if you are."

	Sally sat up and removed her panties as she crawled up
the bed next to Alicia.  She kicked her panties off her legs as
she laid back and bent her knees wide to give Alicia all the
room she needed.

	Alicia started kissing Sally and Sally wondered if she
could smell her own sex juice on her face.  As Alicia was
kissing her she was playing with her under developed little
breasts and nipples.  Sally could tell that she was very nervous
and told her, "You don't have to do anything if you don't want
too."

	Alicia assured Sally that she wanted to do it as she took
the little nipple to her mouth.  The effect was very exciting to
Sally and she stroked her friend's hair to encourage her to
continue.  Alicia kissed her way down Sally's body, stopping at
her naval long enough to probe her belly button with her
tongue.  When Alicia reached Sally's pussy she held her face
close and sniffed lightly at her cunt.  Sally didn't want to look
at what she was doing because she feared that her pussy
smelled as bad as Alicia's did.  The smell didn't seem to phase
Alicia.  She dove in head first and devoured Sally's cunt.  She
lapped and sucked noisily at the open slit until the girl was
squealing and thrashing on the bed.  Sally was in heaven when
she climaxed and was out of breath as she lay there recovering.
They were both surprisingly shy as they dressed for bed and
gave each other a kiss before saying their last "good night".
That was something they had not done before.

	They cuddled in each other's arms in their sleep.  That
was normal for them.  In the middle of the night they woke up
needing to go pee.  They had always made a habit of going to
the bathroom together.  In fact, it was their practice that the first
one to wake up would wake up the other one so she would not
pee in bed.  They rushed into the bathroom and took turns
emptying their bladders.  Afterwards they headed back to bed to
keep from getting too cold.

	When they were back under the covers they started
laughing.  They talked about childish things before they got
around to the subject of sex and the things they had done that
night.  It was Sally that first said, "Wasn't the smell gross?"

	Alicia gave a little shriek and said, "Yes!  I'll bet mine
smelled worse than yours"

	They both laughed about it.  Sally had her face right
against Alicia's.  Their lips were lightly touching as Sally
asked, "Do you ever want to play that way again?"

	In answer Alicia said, "If you want to do it I will do it!"

	Sally giggled and said, "Yes!  I want to do it but next
time maybe we should shower first."  She was not prepared for
Alicia's answer.

	"Why? I liked it nasty like that!" Alicia said.  To prove
her point Alicia slid under the covers and parted Sally's legs.
She used her tongue to lap sally's pussy even though it was still
damp from just peeing.  Judging from the sounds she was
making Sally figured that she was enjoying both the smell and
taste of her un-cleaned pussy. She strained her body in an
attempt to release at least another drop of urine for her hungry
friend.


I hope you enjoyed the story and have a story you would like
told please send your mail to janmay699@icqmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 75: sandra-and-emelie 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 07 Apr 1999 15:09:19 PDT
From: Sandra Karlsson <sandra_bs81@hotmail.com>
Subject: Sandra and Emelie Falling in Love

I was 14 the first time. Her name is Emelie, but she's always called 
Em. We had just begun the 8th grade at the same school. She and her 
family moved here from Bristol. The fact that we became friends was by 
coincidence. I was thrown out from a class, for having talked too 
much. I was sitting in a room next to the classroom when Em came, she 
was also thrown out. Em and I laughed together though we had never 
talked to eachother before. She's a girl, 5'2", blonde hair, very cute 
round eyes, full lips and nice breasts though perhaps a little bit 
small. I'm a girl, dark hair, slim body with nice tits.
Me and Em began talking about all kind of things...like teachers. When 
suddenly there was this strange feeling between us, like something 
electric. We just sat there for a minute, looking at eachother. I felt 
heat inside of me. I couldnt think of anything everything was locked 
up. The silence broke when my teacher came into the room and told me 
the lesson was over. I woke up of something, I don't know what. Em was 
still looking at me, though not so intensive. I felt my wet panties. 
Damn! I was wearing stretchers. I looked down to see and of course 
there was a dark spot. What should I do? The teacher was gone and I 
and Em were chatting about school. Then she walked into her classroom.
I ran to a bathroom, locked the door and laid myself on the floor. I 
started to touch myself, I was very excited. Sorry for me i didn't 
think about my pants. My juice ran out of my pussy, my panties were 
sodden, so were my pants. I put two fingers under my panties and began 
masturbate. It didn't take long before I came in my panties. Now I 
couldn't go anywhere, it would be too obvious. I waited till three 
before I went home.
I laid down on the bed and thought about what had happened. Was I 
bisexual? How could I become so horny? It must be something like that. 
I wondered if Em was like me. She looked at me so strange. And she 
looked a little boyish, short haircut and not big breasts. She didn't 
wear girlclothes either, she wore jeans and a shirt.
In the evening after homework and dinner I went to the bathroom to 
pee. When I dried myself I became very horny, this was very usual for 
me, I couldn't stop myself from masturbate. Imidiately I began 
thinking of Em, how I wanted to kiss her and hold her and make love to 
her. This made me very aroused and I came in two minutes, my pussy was 
wet and so were my panties when I took them on.
I went to bed. I put on some music, music always made me sleep well. 
But this night I thought of Em, how she was next to me in myu bed. 
Then I fell asleep.
When I woke up my panties were sodden, guess I had been dreaming of 
Em.
I went to school 8 o'clock, and I knew everything would be boring as 
usual. But in my gymlessons something weird happened. Just before I 
was going into the gym I had to use the bathroom. I opened the big red 
door and found to girls from my class making out. I was shocked. So I 
ran away into the gym. Obviously there was more than me who was 
strange. After the lesson I met Em, we talked about what had happened 
in school and other common things.She was going home to hear a new 
group called Massive Attack, she had ordered there LP and she asked if 
wanted to join her. I went home with Em cause I wanted to hear this 
new group, but not only that, no I wanted to be with Em. We arrived at 
her house, we ate some and went to her room. The record we brought on 
our way home. Em put the record on the turntable and we sat down and 
enjoyed the music. We talked about maybe goin to their consert in 
London. We lived in London, we still do. After listening to the record 
we went down to their garage. Em showed me her brothers motorbike, it 
was a small one. Em said we were going for a ride. We dressed for the 
ride and took off. Em drove and I sat close to her holding round her 
belly. I felt my panties dampen as I got aroused of the feeling 
sitting so close to her. I leaned into her and she must have felt it 
cause after the ride she took my hand and we went inside. We were home 
alone. She held my hand in her soft hand and we went upstirs to her 
room. Em would be home alone all night so she asked me if I wanted to 
sleep at her house. I called home and told my parents I would sleep at 
Em's house. Then we watched TV, it was a terrifying programme. We sat 
close and I held her hand. It felt so good sitting next to Em. After 
watching TV a while we went into her room. The time was late so she 
asked if I wanted to sleep in her bed or if I wanted to sleep on the 
floor on a mattress. I took the oportunity and said i could sleep in 
her bed, my panties were sodden again. She went to the bathroom while 
I went to bed. I hadn't changed my panties since the day before 
yesterday so they weren't exactly clean. I was somewhat worried Em 
would think I was disgusting. When she came back she wore only a 
t-shirt and white panties. I could see her pubic hair grown up on her 
belly a little. That made me even more excited. And I could see her 
panties were dirty and sodden. She got into the bed and she laid next 
to me, we were both quiet and I could hear her breath. We began 
talking about boys, I asked her if she ever had dated someone. Nope, 
and she didn't want to either. Maybe she was into the girl-girl thing, 
I thought. I said I had never kissed a boy, she said she had once and 
that it was no good. Then, as if someone said it for me, I asked if i 
could kiss her. Em looked at me in the easy light, then she took me in 
her arms. I hugged her and pressed myself against her body. She looked 
me in my eyes and said, I love you. I melt, then I kissed her deeply. 
I bet we kissed and held eachother for 10 minutes. My hands went down 
to her panties, they were really sodden. We kissed more and entwined 
our bodies. Em pressed her hand against my wet panties, she took them 
off and brought herself down to my breasts. She licked them and put a 
finger in my soaking pussy. I came on her hand. Then we kissed again 
and fell asleep. The morning after this I woke up feeling I was in 
love with Em. We went down to have some breakfast. Her parents had 
already went. After breakfast we went up to take a shower. We were in 
the shower together, it felt so wonderful being soaped by Em. We 
soaped eachother and rubbed our bodies against eahothers. It felt so 
good. After showering a while we dried eachother.
Then we stood looking at our panties, they weren't clean. We laughed 
and decided not to change. I was aroused by the thought of taking 
dirty panties on me. They were coloured yellow and brown. Em's were 
even dirtier than mine. I took them and smelled them. I became really 
wet of the smell. The smell of her sex made me soak. After a little 
while a dark spot apeared on my already dirty panties. Em was naked, 
she had begun touching her sex. Now, in daylight, I could see her 
pubic hair for real. It was very thick and growed up on her belly. It 
was really sexy. I became even more excited, my nose covered of her 
sodden panties and her thick hair. I laid down, Em put her face on my 
panties and put them aside she began licking my pussy. I came 
immidately, soaking my panties and Em's face. Em laid herself on me, 
presing her body on mine. She kissed me deepely. After making out for 
a while we dressed and got off to school. 

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 76: sarah-jane 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: 18 Aug 2001 10:23:33 -0700
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: Sarah Jane

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between girls.  If this type of content
offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded for
personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you wish to
repost them at your own site, please contact the author for permission.

Copyright 2001 Jan.  All Rights Reserved.

Please E-mail to:  janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future chapters.


                          Sarah Jane
                             By
                            Jan


	Do you know what it is like growing up in a farmhouse
on a rural road, 10 miles this side of nowhere?  Your nearest
neighbors are miles away and they don't have children to play
with.  You spend your free time playing in the cornfields.  They
are your castle, your dancehall, your Paris fashion runway, your
movie set and most of all .. the place you go to explorer your
private body parts.

 	I remember lying on my back and putting my hand in my
panties and finding that little nub with my fingers for the first
time.  I rubbed it gently with the tip of my finger until I felt like
I had to pee, but it was not the same thing.  It took my breath
away and my skinny legs beat a rhythm in the dust.  I had no
name for what happened but it felt so good I did it again.  And
soon my games would always with me playing with that nub
until I lost my breath and I felt that release.  Soon I noticed the
after I did that my panties would be wet and did not smell of
urine.

	The house was 20 miles from Springfield, Illinois and It
was 10 miles to the nearest town.  The rural road was 4 miles
from the nearest cross road and so full of potholes that it would
destroy the shocks of any car going fast than 20-mph.

	My parent's farmhouse is an old, two-story thing right
out of an American gothic painting, badly in need of a fresh
coat of white paint.  The roof was green asphalt shingles on a
steeply sloped pitch.  It had a six-foot wide porch that went all
the way around the square house.  It stood on a foundation that
put the house more than three-feet off the ground.  It had a
lattice around it to keep animals out from under the house, but
of course the family dogs were able to get under it during the
summer to keep cool during the summer.

	My parent's bedroom was on the ground floor.  Like
houses of that period, the main entrance brought you into a
parlor with a couch in it for the time when young girls
boyfriends came to call on young girls and held hands and
planed weddings and discussed what kind of farm they would
have.  The living room was in the middle of the house.  This is
where my father lived when he was not in the fields.  He had a
leather recliner with his paper with the financial section with
the latest corn prices.  A few books sitting on the end table.  We
had managed to buy the latest toys: a Large TV, a stereo and a
VCR.  Behind that room was the dining room with a pocket
sliding door, which was the access to the kitchen.  The kitchen
was large and functional.  It dated back to when the wife
cooked for large numbers of field hands and family gatherings.
The stove was large but old.  Why buy a new one when the old
one worked just fine?  On the north side of the house was a
guest bedroom facing the front of the house with a shared
bathroom with the master bedroom next to the kitchen.

	There were two staircases going up to the second floor,
one staircase off the parlor and one off the kitchen.  Because of
the pitch of the roof there were only two bedrooms up stairs
with a bathroom directly over the one below.  To save space it
only had a shower.  I chose the bedroom in the front of the
house as mine.  It was decorated in my favorite colors . pink
and purple.  The back bedroom was set up as an office.  The
computer is in there.  The computer is in there.  Because my
father and mother have never learned to use it, I am the one that
keeps the books for the family on a spreadsheet.  I have it set up
to track expenses and income daily.

	My best friend is a girl named Judy.  She lives in town.
We went to the same school all our lives.  When we could get
together we played just like other girls do.  We talked about the
boys in our school.  We found them to be very childish.  But the
older boys seemed soooo mature.  Most of them worked for
their parents and were driving farm  equipment by the time they
were 12 years old.  Most of them had an old family car or truck
in a barn that they were fixing up for the day they could legally
drive.  They all wanted hot rods but were limited by tools and
money.  If they ever got them running they would probably
burn a quart of oil for every tank of gas.

	Judy and I started practicing kissing each other when we
were about 12 years old.  We did it in the cornfields and our
bedrooms.  We started finding out what it was like to suck each
other's tongues.  Judy was the first to start feeling my
nonexistent breasts.  Her fingers on my little nipples felt good
just the same.  I returned the favor.

	One day I told her I had secret to share with her.  She was
anxious to find out what it was.  I made her promises to never
tell what we did as we went into the cornfield to the spot I had
been using for my games.  When we got there we sat on the
ground on a mat of cornstalks and started kissing each other.
We were soon feeling each other's want-a-be breasts.  Then I
lifted the skirt of her dress.  I slipped my hand under the
waistband of her panties.  I found her button and toyed with it
with my fingers.  She spread her legs wide and lay back as she
enjoyed the feeling.

	Judy asked me how long I had be doing this.  I admitted
that I had been doing it for years. She kissed me warmly and
told me she had been doing the same for years too.  She reached
for my panties and did the same thing to me.  We found that it
felt much better if someone else did it to us.

	Soon we were taking off each other's panties and looking
at each other's cunts.  I have dark hair and Judy is a natural
blonde.  At 12 we both had started menstruating and had pubic
hair growing between our legs.  I was the first to put my nose
against her cunt and smell her.  My breath turned her on very
much.  She put her hands on the back of my head and pulled my
face into the wetness of her body.  It tasted salty at first .. and
like urine.  But I licked her until the taste changed.  It had a
taste like when I cut myself and I sucked the blood.  I found
that as I sucked her my panties got wetter without me even
touching myself.

	Judy said, "You did something to me!  I don't know what
it was but it was better than when play with myself."

	I wanted to find out so I pulled my panties down and
stepped out of them.  I lay on my back and opened my legs.
Judy got down between my legs and tasted me.  I had a true
climax very quickly.  We rested and figured out that if she lay
on her back I could get on my hands and knees over her and we
could fit our faces into each others cunts and suck each other.
Judy climaxed first.  But she kept sucking me until I climaxed
again.

	From that time on we made love to each other every
chance we got.  We did it in my bedroom or hers.  When our
breasts developed it added to the fun.

	When we are, between our freshman and sophomore
years of school we got the news that here father has taken a job
that required her family to move to Los Angeles, California.
We were devastated.

	The last night we were together alone together for the last
time . we cried all night.  We made love to each other over
and over.  After four years we have become very good at
sucking each other.  I had found a lesbian sight on the computer
and talked to older women about what they did.  So I added
something new to our last night together.  I put Judy on her
hand and knees at the edge of my double bed.  Then I pried the
cheeks of her ass open.  I looked at her pink asshole and blew
on it.  Her anus puckered up tightly.  Then I kissed her right on
the rosebud.  She dropped her head to the mattress and grabbed
the bed spread with her fingers.  I licked her and forced my
tongue into the hole.  When she came I saw juices dripping
down the inside of her thighs.  I licked it up with my tongue.

	Judy lay there until she rested.  Then she asked me to let
her suck my ass too.  So I assumed the kneeling position on the
bed and She treated me to my first tongue fuck of my life.  It
was so nice to have another way to make love to Judy.  We
didn't sleep all night.

	When she gets to Los Angeles, she plans to get her
computer hooked up as soon as possible so we can talk to each
other every night.


I hope you enjoyed the story and want more.  Please send your
comments to:  janmay699@icqmail.com .

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 77: sarahs-seduction 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 14 May 2006 21:59:49 -0700 (PDT)
From: niftyerotic2@yahoo.com
Subject: Sarah's Seduction

Note: This is a complete work of fiction, constructed solely from my
imagination. Any correlation any character shares with any person, living
or dead is merely coincidental and completely unintentional. Names, events,
times, places and even thoughts are all fictional.

Everyday, Sarah and Amy would walk home from school together, talking,
laughing and giggling.

They were the best of friends, and sisters only two years apart. Sarah was
in 10th grade, a fiery redhead, having already matured and developed while
Amy was in 8th grade and just beginning to blossom. Amy's grade school was
right down the street from Sarah's highschool, both of which were only a
few blocks from their house up the hill.

They arrived home to find that there mother had left a message on the house
phone (neither girl had a cell phone yet), saying that she wouldn't be home
until quite late as she was kept busy at work. The girls were excited,
cause that meant they could do whatever they wanted, hang out, even eat
junk food.

It was the middle of January and quite cold out, with a few frozen inches
of snow on the ground.

Even having hurried home as it was so cold out, they were still frozen to
the bone and looking for a way to warm up.

"Let's just jump in the hottub for a little bit, Sar, it'll warm us up
quick," said Amy, who was already headed to her room to change into her
bathing suit.

"Sounds good to me," Sarah responded and went to go get changed. While
changing, Sarah mentally reviewed her day at school - somehting she always
did to make sure she didn't forget anything important and just to really
keep it in order. Chemistry was pretty boring, nothing else really grabbed
her interest, her teacher yelled at her in math class but it wasn't a big
deal, she had forgotten to do the homework. Her elective, however, was Sex
Ed, and that was the one class that she really was able to pay close
attention to. They were going over masturbation and sexual intercourse in
class today, the precautions necessary, contraceptives and safe sex and
everything.

She found it all quite intriguing, but she didn't know exactly why. It
wasn't like she was brand new to sexuality, she had masturbated quite a few
times and had gotten to second base with a boy.

There was something else under the surface but she just couldn't get to it,
understand what it was.

"You comin or not?" Amy said as she walked by, peeking her head in to see
that Sarah only had on her bottoms. Unabashed, Sarah turned to face Amy,
completely topless, and said just another second. They were never really
shy aorund each other with their bodies, when pressed for time they even
showered together in the morning. Since there dad had left when they were
younger, it was an all-girls household and Susan, their mother, was just as
comfortable. They didn't go traipsing around the house naked, but they
didn't hesitate to enter the bathroom or peek in the shower for anything.

When Sarah finally got down to the hottub, she saw the Amy had uncovered it
and was already relaxing inside. Her head was tilted back into a corner to
rest, her legs stretched out beneath her, presumably, as they were hidden
by the forthing bubbles.

"You grab a towel, Ame?" Sarah said as she put hers on the floor and
started to step into the hottub.

"Oh shit, lemme go get one, I'll be right back," Amy said and got up out of
the water to get out.

Sarah became mesmerized as she watched her younger sister get out of the
hottub. Her blonde-highlighted hair in a bun on her head and her green,
sparkling eyes looked through her as she got up. Water cascaded down over
her budding breasts, making the bikini cling to her just-noticeable bumps
that were her nipples. Her flat, tan stomach came out next, gorgeous and
sleek (she went to a tannign salon two ro three times a week). She was
going past Sarah now as her hips came out, just starting to curve in that
girlish way. The bikini bottoms were tied right above her hip bone, thin
and trailing down her smooth long legs. Sarah innocently enough slid over
to the other side of the hottub, to find a more comfortable position, but
also to steal one last peek at her sister. The wet material clung to Amy's
butt cheeks, creating a perfect picture. She had a nice, round little
bottom, though she was embarrassed to think about her body.

She was all of 5'1" and 110lbs, cute, small, petite, but on the verge of
busting out and becoming a woman.

She didn't know why she wanted to look at her sister, watch her leave the
hottub, but Sarah just had this instinct that made her stare. It was weird,
as it had never happened to Sarah before, at least not for her sister, but
she let it pass off as innocent and curious, nothing more. Sarah herself
was even more stunning than her sister as she was more mature in the
physical sense. She was 5'4" and 135lbs, but she carried the weight so
seductively it would be a shame for her to be any lighter. Her wavy red
hair came down to her shoulders, her brown eyes were big and doelike.

Her breasts were more than budding, they had developed quite nicely,
filling out a C-cup. Her hips jutted out in that voluptuous way hips do,
her ass was beautifully rounded and larger than her sister's. She was not
as tan as Amy (who has ever heard of a tan redhead?), but her complexion
was milky white and delectably soft.

Amy returned with her towel and setlled back into the hottub, not noticing
Sarah glancing at her body one last time. They just lay there, relaxing and
warming for what seemed like hours, in complete silence, listening to the
jets lull them into daydream reveries.

The content of their mind's wnadering showed the sharp distinction between
their ages: Amy was thinking of the cute boy in her class asking her to a
movie and maybe giving her a kiss goodnight while Sarah was imagining a
hand lovingly caressing her down below, whispering in her ear, making her
get excited. She got so into her dream that her hand actually slid up her
leg towards her bikini bottom (thankfully hidden from her sister by the
bubbles). Just as she was about to be touched by both herself and her
dream-lover (she couldn't see a face, however), she felt warm water splash
on her face. She jerked half awake to see her sister sitting across from
her, playfully grinning. Amy splashed more water at her sister, for no
particular reason other than it was fun and silly and that's how she and
Sarah were around each other.

"Goddamnit Amy," Sarah said half-laughing, "I was just having a nice dream
and you startled me and now I've lost it. You suck, haha," and with the
last "haha" she splashed water right back at her sister.

"I bet you were dreaming about a boy, weren't you, Sarah? Well, who is it?
You like him? Does he like you back? Hmmm?" AMy teased, giving gentle slaps
to the water.

"Wouldn't you like to know who it was about," Sarah retorted, though in her
mind, she felt the same way, her mind retracing each step to try to figure
out who she saw touching her. "Alright, well, we've been in here long
enough, I'm gonna go get dressed and start my homework," She said as she
started to get out. When she got back upstairs to her room, dried off and
strted getting dressed, she noticed that she was wet between her legs,
though not from the hottub. She thought she saw a face in her dream now,
but it looked all-too-familiar. "It couldn't have been," she thought to
herself, "I'm just not like that." After contemplating for a minute or so,
she decided that she had seen her sister's face only because her sister had
woken her up, and there was no other reason, because that would be gross
and wrong.

She kept telling ehrself that she wasn't thinking of her sister, and had
almost convinced herself byt he time her mom came home from work, exhausted
and frazzled, but with dinner and a smile.

They all had dinner together before going there separate ways, Susan to
ironing and bills, Sarah to homework and Amy to the computer. Nothing else
exciting happened for the rest of the night, and Sarah had pretty much
forgotten the incident.

In the morning, Sarah's mom came in to wake her, telling ehr to hurry up
and start getting ready, it was already 7:10 and she was late. Apparently
Amy had overslept as well, and they had to both be out of the house by
7:30, otherwise they'd be late for their respective homerooms. With no
other choice, Sarah and Amy hopped into the shower to quickly soap up and
shampoo before heading out.

As Amy stepped into the shower, Sarah who was already there, found that her
memory raced back tot he hottub and how she had looked at her sister, and
she could clearly see Amy's face in her dream now. She tried to shake it
off, but jsut found that as she went through the motions of soaping herself
up, she was looking at her sister, especially her breasts. She was too
nervous to let her eyes travel any lower, as she didn't want to alarm her
sister, make her feel weird or awkward.

When her sister turned around to wash the soap off her chest, it just so
happened that Sarah was bending down to soap her legs. She lifted her head
back up and was staring straight at her sister's ass, now able to see it up
close and in all its splendor. She felt a sudden rush through her legs,
that tingly feeling she usually felt when she was laying in her room late
at night thinking of cute guys. She tried to break her gaze immediately but
found she could not.

Not wanting to get caught in such a compromising position, she finally
shook herself out of it and started to straighten up.

Her hands however, took a mind of their own and reached out, squeezed her
sister's butt and Sarah heard herself say "Wanna get your big ass outta my
face? C'mon now, I don't need that!  Haha!"

Amy responded in kind by just twisting her butt, pushing it towards her
sister jokingly. Sarah pretended to be disgusted but actually felt somewhat
aroused - she could see her sister's puckered asshole, and just barely make
out the protruding lips. Amy bent down to continue washing and teasing her
sister, and unknowingly exposed her pink lips even more to Sarah's
devouring eyes.

"Oh shit, its pretty late Sar, we gotta get goin like NOW," Amy said as she
stepped out of the shower and grabbed her towel. Sarah's eyes followed her
every move but her body was paralyzed.

She finally broke her trance and hopped out of the shower like nothing had
happened, but her mind was racing. Why did she want to see her sister, want
her body near her, why did she like staring at her, was she wrong to look
at her sister that way? She didn't know the answers to any of these
questions, but had to put on a smile and finish getting ready.

All that day, throughout school, Sarah found herself daydreaming of Amy and
her wet, naked body. She couldn't get her out of her mind, but she didn't
know what to do about it either. She wanted to formulate a plan so that she
could figure out how her sister felt without putting herself out in the
open. Her classes blurred by as she contemplated ideas.

Finally, she thought she had a pretty good plan set up but was very nervous
about implementing it.

When they got home together at aorund 4pm, after school was out, they both
went to the kitchen for some snacks. As it was just as frigid as it was the
day before, they were both frozen to the bone again. Sarah screwed up her
courage and decided that she was going to start the chain of events that
she hoped would lead to her at least figuring out how her sister felt.

"Hey, wanna go in the hottub now? It's colder out today than it was
yesterday, I think," Sarah said, the easy part started. Amy responded
affirmatively and said she would go change in a minute, after she finished
her snack. Sarah went upstairs and got undressed. She looked at herself,
naked, in the middle of her room and realized that she was very excited and
very nervous, but most of all, quite turned on already. She let her fingers
wander to her sex, and felt the moistness already there, her body aching
for more than just a fleeting brush of fingertips. She knew what she wanted
to do, however, and so grabbed her towel, tied it around herself and headed
towards the hottub. She was removing the cover with ehr towel still on when
Amy came into the hottub room.

"What're you wearing a towel for already... are you not wearing anything
underneath?!" Amy asked somewhat incredulously, somewhat jokingly. "I
didn't realize this was gonna be a naked hottub,"

she said.

Amy fiinished removing the cover and turned to look at her sister. She
said, ever so innocently enough, "why, are you embarrassd to be naked
around me, cause I'm not, but I understand if you are..." she trailed off,
realizing that she was probably going to get the response she wanted to
elicit.

"No, it's fine I guess, " Amy said as she watched her sister slowly remove
her towel. She wasn't sure why, but she found herself intently following
her sister's movements. Not wanting to make it awkward, she took off her
t-shirt, and then started to undo her bikini top. She thought she saw her
sister throwing sideways glances btu couldn't quite tell with all the steam
rising from the hottub and her sister half in already. Sarah settled in
very quickly though and was on the other side, turnign around to face Amy
as she started to pull down her bottoms, exposing her tender, hairless
pussy.

"What's a matter Ame, you look bashful. Don't tell me you feel weird being
naked in front of me..."

Sarah said, in what she hoped came off as a sisterly, friendly tone.

Inside her loins, however, a fire was already burning and she desparately
wanted to touch herself. She idly played witht he jet strength, turning it
up so as to create more bubbles. Her hand tried to search underwater for a
jet to aim at her body, but none were available, at least none that she
could aim where she most wanted it.

"No, I'm not bashful, I just... I dunno, it jsut feels weird, especially
cause we're so much different now. Like, your breasts are much bigger, and
you've got hair down there and I don't, I dunno, I do feel a little weird I
guess." Amy said as she removed her bikini and stepped into the hottub. She
could practically feel her sister's eyes burning a hole into her, and she
thought she knew where she was looking, too. It was hard to tell, as her
sister was gently smiling and looking sort of at her face, but at the same
time, Amy felt very self-conscious and just felt inside that her sister was
staring between her legs. The thought didn't bother her so much as she just
felt under the gun, like she was being inspected and so it made her blush.

"Don't worry sweetie, soon enough you'll grow up and have bigger boobs and
hair... though you won't be as pretty as me. Haha!" Sarah responded
jokingly, lightly splashing water at Amy to try to lighten the mood. This
had played out just as she hoped it would, with Amy agreeing reluctantly
but still being naked with ehr in the hottub. "So," Sarah continued, "how's
everything going? What's the current boy-situation in your life?"

"Well, as of right now, it's pretty dull, all the guys in the 8th grade,
and 7th, are jerks. All they wanna do is feel up the girl they are with and
I'd rather go out on a real date not jsut hook up,"

Amy replied, feeling more comfortable now that her body was immersed in
bubbles.

"How far have you gone with any of them, anything mom shouldn't know?"

Sarah said, pretend-condescendingly. She was interested in the
conversation, but at the same time, was lost staring at her sister's
gorgeous face while one hand slowly found its way to her thigh. And then up
higher. And a little more. Until it was gently resting upon her mons and
she hesitantly, cautiously, began to idly play with herself, caressing her
folds and lips.

"Well, the farthest I ever went was with Dan, about two weeks ago. We were
kissing and he slid his hand up my shirt. At first I was gonna stop him,
but then I figured maybe it would be fun.

After a couple minutes, though, he put his hand down my pants and touched
me there, too. I was really nervous, cause I was afriad he was taking
advantage of me, but it felt really good." Amy responded, realizing that
she was reminiscing about the experience and wishing she could be touched
like that again. "It's so much different than when..." she trailed off,
suddenly aware of what she was sayign and therefore implying.

"Than what, when you touch yourself?" Sarah finished. "Don't be so uptight,
god Amy, you think I don't know that you touch yourself? Haha." she
continued, trying to sound casual when really, her fingers were starting to
push harder, move qucker, delve deeper.

"Yeah," Amy blushed, her head looking down at the water, "its nto abd that
I liek to touch myself, is it? Like, to get myself off every once in a
while?"

"I sure as hell hope not," her sister laughed in response, "cause then I'd
be in some serous trouble." She let it hang there, waiting to see where Amy
would take the conversation next, if she would change subject or continue
in this vein. When she saw that Amy seemed hesitant but willing to keep
going down this road, Sarah figured she would take over and start steering
the conversation. "Well, how often do you, at least? Like, all the time, or
every couple of days or what? And what do you do, anything special or
specific?"

"Well, it depends, usually not that much, but lately a little mroe, 2 or 3
times a week, and I usually just, uh...," she hesitated, feeling awkward
telling her sister exactly how she played with herself, "I usually just
finger, nothign special I guess."

"Oh, really? That's all? I'll admit, haha, it's a little more often than
that for me. more like 5 times a week. And I can't say I'm as reserved as
you."

"Oh, wow. That is a lot. Whataya mean, what do you do?" Amy asked,
inquisitive and her curiosity piqued.

Sarah knew this was where the big moment was, where she could entice her
sister or chicken out.

She hesitated a moment, debating whether it was right, whether she wanted
it, her, and decided it didn't matter if it was right or wrong, she wanted
to do it and so she would. "Well, I mean, sometimes I'll finger myself, but
then other times, I'll use something lying around my room, if it seems to
fit the job, hehe. And it's hard to explain, cause sometimes it is jsut
fingering, but it's different than normal."

Clearly engaged now, Amy leaned forward, as if she needed to be clsoer to
hear better. She didn't want to miss a word and was starting to tingle
inside as she thought of doing what her sister had apparently done, using
hairbrush handles and other things. "Whataya mean, what do you do that's so
special or different?"

"Like I said, it's hard to explain... the best way would be for me to show
you, I guess..." Sarah trailed off, trying to gauge whether or not her
sister was interested.

When Amy just slid over onto her side of the hottub, right next to her, she
figured it was a go-ahead.

"It's sorta like a massage down there, and it hits a few different places
than just a regular fingering."

Not wanting to stop touchign herself even for a moment, but having to,
Sarah took her hand away and used it to turn off the jets. so that the
bubbles would dissipate.

She then propped herself up, and slide half out of the hottub, so that she
was sitting on the edge, her feet still in, toes actually resting on Amy's
thigh, and her pussy, slightly red and open, in the air.

"You sure you want me to show you, you don't feel weird or anything?" Sarah
said cautiously, not wanting to get too involved only to realize she was
making Amy awkward.

"Oh, not at all, I'm fine with it if you are, I guess. I mean, I'd like to
know a new way, that sounds like fun," Amy said, a little breathlessly as
she stared straight at her sister's wet, fire-red crotch and noticed that
she was starting to get a mroe pronounced tingle. She could almost feel her
juices going and wanted to touch herself, just looking at her sister and
anticipating what was going to happen next.

"First, you gotta sorta massage outside a little bit," Sarah began, her
fingers travelling down her stomach to rest on her thighs. She started
gently squeezing the skin jsut outside her exposed, hungry, waiting
pussy. Her lips spread further apart with each squeeze, but she kept her
fingers just barely away. She knew her sister's eyes were rivetted to her
pussy and didn't want to disappoint.

"It's kinda hard to show you, cause it jsut feels so much different,"

Sarah said, her fingers making circles around her wet, waiting hole. "And
after you tease yourself for a few minutes, you finally let yourself cave
and finger, but only very gently," she continued, aching to touch herself,
succumbing to her lusty desires. "It's in the way you do it, here, maybe I
can show you?" she ventured, gesturing for Amy to come sit next to
her. This was the make or break point, Sarah knew, and Amy's reaction
dictated where everything went from here. She mentally pleaded with Amy to
not feel uncomfortable and to want to try it.

After hesitating for a few moments to decide whether her sister was serious
or not, Amy didn't say anything but just hopped up onto the edge of the
hottub, and siddled over, so her right thigh was touching Sarah's left
one. Sarah saw the look in her sister's eyes and knew she wanted it badly.

"Well, like I said, you gotta sorta massage your inner thigh first, like
this," she started, her hand slowly, tentatively reaching across her own
thigh, resting on the top of Amy's, subtly sliding down and inwards. She
began caressing and squeezing, jsut as she had done to herself, but this
made her fingertips burn with desire. "You really gotta get yourself
loosened up, but it's a little hard from this angle," she said, trying to
work her hand into a more comfortable position. "Maybe it'd be better if I
just," and she stepped down into the water, and turned to face Amy, whose
face was one of contentment mixed with surprise. Sarah's head was about
even with Amy's budding breasts, but instead of going all out, Sarah let
her hands coax her sister into filling with desire.

She used both hands, firmly grasping, tightly squeezing, forcibly kneading
her hands into her thighs, each motion getting her closer and closer to her
sister's now glistening vagina. It flowered under such stimulation, and the
perking of Amy's little nipples was more than enough to let sarah know she
was turning her on, very much so. As her fingers snaked there way towards
there goal, she began to rock back in forth to the rhythm of her massaging.

Unintentionally, at least it seemed so, she rocked closer and closer to her
sister's body until she suddenly realized that her face was only an inch
from Amy's rock-hard nipple and supple, gleaming greasts.

Without thinking, Sarah let her fingers graze over her sister's pussy,
applying pressure just as the touched the sensitive exposed-inner skin, and
just as Amy was letting out the softest of pleasureful sighs, Sarahs lips
found her breast. Gently, tenderly, she explored the soft, wet skin.

Her tongue flicked hesitantly over her nipple just as she slid her fingers
back over her sister's cunt, this time letting them rest there. She started
to push them in, but not so hard, so that they just barely entered, the
tips of her middle and forefingers. instead of plunging them deeply into
her sister like she so desparately wanted, she knew to take it slow and
enticingly and so moved them in a generous circle. They slid off to her
hairless skin outside, and then back on, going clockwise, each circle
getting smaller and smaller, pushing harder and harder. Her teeth gingerly
settled on Amy's tit, eliciting a lusty sigh from Amy. She took this to
mean "harder" and so started to apply more force and actualy bite a
little. Amy squirmed, but obviously in intense pleasure.

"Oh my god, this IS amazing Sarah, mmmm," she moaned, as Sarah finally
pushed her middle finger knuckle deep inside of her. "It's never felt this
good when I've done it, oh my GOD," she gasped.

Sarah had pushed her middle finger all the way into her sister's tight
little pussy. She wasn't sure if she would even be able to fit two
comfortably. Her sister's moans of exstatic glee filled her with an
incestuous lust so devouring, she lost all control and her sexual instinct
took over her actions compeltely. Her left hand slid up Amy's slender
stomach to her left breast and as her fingers reached the perk and began to
roll it between her thumb and forefinger, her mouth left her sister's right
tit and made a slow, tantalizing path down to her belly button. Her tongue
didn't stop there, however and snaked its way, curving, towards her
sister's now penetrated virgin pussy.

She could smell the aroma of sex half an inch from her face over all the
chlorine from the hottub.

Repositioning herself, Sarah angled it so her own starving pussy was
directly on top of a midly forceful jet. The constant pressure and pounding
gave her a satisfied feeling, as if she actually had something inside
her. Her mouth had just reached the very top of Amy's cunt when Amy's hand
left her side and came to rest on Sarah's head. Shedelicately flicked her
tongue, tog et a taste of her sister's juices, and then retracted, teasing
Amy, inviting her to beg for more.

By now, Amy was steaming, her right hand on Sarah's head, her left on her
breast, pinching and Her sister's hand was on her other breast, doing the
same, and Amy couldn't wait or be teased any longer. She pushed her
sister's face towards her waiting pussy, thrusting her hips upwards and at
Sarah's lips. They made contact and immediately a beautiful sensation
travelled throughout Amy's body, starting in her toes and making her shiver
all the way up to her neck.

Sarah let her tongue do all the work now. It slowly spread her sister's
pussy lips and entered her delicious treasurechest. As Amy pulled her in
closer and harder, she elt her tongue become rougher and rougher. It leapt
out, dove into her sister as far as it could go, stretching, wanting to go
deeper. It made its way put and up above, to rub against Amy's clit, which
quickly resulted in loud low moans from Amy. She pinched her sister harder,
her other arm sliding up and down her leg, trying to find somewhere
comfortable for both of them, as she devoured Amy's delectable pussy
juices. They were practically streamign Amy was so aroused, and Sarah knew
that she was too, being slicked clean by the jet that was constantly and
consistently getting her off.

Her other hand slid underneath Amy's thigh, on the outside, and grabbed her
asscheek, forcefully.

Amy let out a playful giggle before returning to her incest-driven cries of
pleasure. As Sarah grabbed Amy's butt, her fingers crept toward her
puckered starfish. She didn't know how Amy might react but figured she
wouldn't stop her. Sarah herself loved to feel pressure on her own asshole
while she was getting off, and thought it wouldn't hurt to try with her
sister. Just as her teeth glided across Amy's clit, making her squeal and
start to writhe back and forth, her finger came to rest on her closed but
wet asshole. She pushed her tongue as deep as it would go into Amy's
willing cunt and simultaneously popped her finger into her sister's
terribly tight asshole.

"Oh my GOOOooooDDD," Amy screamed, the sensation new yet desired, painful
yet delightful, excruciating but euphoric. The sight of her sister between
her legs, the brand new violation of her backend and the intense, forceful
pleasure on her pussy were more than enough to bring her to a
crescendo. She began rocking back and forth quite forcefully, her feet
kicking up little splashes in the hottub, getting water everywhere. Her
eyes practically rolled back in her head as she threw her head back, used
one arm to brace herself and the other to drive her sister's face into her
pussy. She bucked and squirmed, becoming wilder every second that Sarah
kept her finger buried deeply in her ass, kept her tongue inside of her,
brushed her teeth roughly but at the same time gently across her exposed,
raw, swollen clit.

"Mmmmm, oh ym god, I think I'm cumming. Oh, I'm cumming!" she wailed as an
explosive orgasm ripped through her body, making her feel as if she were
coming apart at the seams, and just disintegrating into pleasure and
euphoria itself. Her vagina squirted out its cum onto her sister's waiting
lips, into her waiting mouth. Sarah never let her finger come out of Amy's
ass, pushing it tightly in as far as it would go. Amy's body convulsed and
shook with each wave of orgasmic heaven that ran through it.

Finally coming down from her peak, Amy kept moaning hoarsely, shaking
uncontrollably due to the immense power of the cum that had just wracked
her entire body. "Oh, that was the most amazing thing I've ever felt, Sar,"
and as she said her sister's name, it finally sunk in that she had let her
SISTER get her off and ye tshe didn't care! She knew it was incest, knew it
was terribly wrong, but it felt so amazingly right she just didn't care and
basked in the glorious afterglow as her sister lapped up every last drop of
cum and gently, tenderly kept toying with her sensitive pussy.

Completely spent and exhausted, Amy felt as if she was about to collapse
and just drift into a deep sleep. "Hey," Sarah said, keeping Amy from
losing focus, "don't pretend like you got it for free... I'm still turned
on and want you SO bad my sweet little Amy."

But that story is for another time...

If you enjoyed the story and would like me to continue it, please e-mail me
niftyerotic2@yahoo.com and please include commentary, critique and
suggestions. (Make sure to mention which story you are referring to, as
there are more than one that I have on the site)

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 78: seducing-sweet-daisy 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Tue, 24 Oct 2000 12:29:16 -0700 (PDT)
From: hi mar <idm1969@yahoo.com>
Subject: Seducing Sweet Daisy

This is a story from something that happened several
years ago.  If lesbian sex, especially underage lesbian
sex, bothers you, please read no more.  If you are OK
with it, please enjoy.

I am 13 and my friend Daisy is 8. We are in dance
class together and I come home one day with her to her
house to hang out. We're both still wearing our dance
clothes, not having showered at the school so I have
on a blue leotard with white hose and Daisy is wearing
her pink leotard with nude hose.

When we come in, her dad is in the living room
watching tv and her mom is at work. Her dad says hi to
us and asks us how things went at class. While he
does, I notice he is trying hard not to look at my
young pussy wrapped up so tightly in the leotard but I
pretend not to notice.

Daisy and I go upstairs to shower and I ask to go
first. I slide out of my leotard and hose in front of
Daisy and, having never seen me naked before, she
turns a little red. I assure her it is OK and that she
can relax about it. After all, we are both girls so
its fine and I also tell her to look at anything she
wants I dont mind.She is still unsure but gives me the
once over before I take my towel and head for the
bathroom.

When I return from the shower, Daisy is looking at her
young body in her full-length mirror.  She is running
her hand over her flat chest, probably wondering when
they would grow to be like mine.  She sees me and,
apparantly taking my previous talk with her to heart,
she isn't at all disturbed to be naked in front of me.
 I sit down on the bed and she comes over to give me a
big hug, putting her bald, tiny pussy just inches from
my mouth.

She lets go of me, wraps a towel around herself, and
skips off to the shower.  When she returns, I ask if
it would be ok if we looked at each others bodies
again for a while and she agreed. We go take off our
towels and I have us lie on the bed. We both lie on
our sides and I see the top of Daisy's bald pussy
lips, still a little wet from the shower. I also see
her fully flat chest with small, hard nipples dotting
it.

I see Daisy looking at my pussy, just a small amount
of hair has grown in and I have one leg up on the
other so she can see almost all my very wet pussy
lips. She also looks at my small breasts, with nipples
even harder than hers topping them off.

I ask her if its ok for me to touch her and she says
sure. I run my hand over her flat belly and up the
middle of her chest. I then run it down the side of
her, her soft, silky smooth skin driving me wild. I
start rubbing her legs down low and then work my way
up to begin stroking her baby soft, but firm dancer
thighs. I slide my hand between her thighs a little
and she opens her legs enough for me to get it in. My
fingers are now inches from her smooth, tight pussy
which was now fully in view. I saw it was red from
excitement and a bit swollen.

Her skin was so soft I have to feel her even more. I
remove my hand and see a little disappointment, a
little relief in Daisy and then i ask if it would be
ok if we cuddled with each other naked like we are.
She looked confused but excited and said yes so I lay
on my back and had her climb on top of me, face to
face. Her left leg was against my naked pussy and her
pussy was against my left leg.

I felt the heat from her small sntach against me and I
knew she felt my wet warmth on her. I moved my leg
back and forth a little against her crotch and soon
she began riding my leg. Her arms were wrapped around
my neck and I could hear her breathing getting faster.
Her little body was grinding up and down against mine,
her hips doing all the work. Her eyes are closed and
she looks a million miles away when she cums. She
stiffens up several times, hugs my head very tightly
and makes soft gasps in her climax.

When she is finished, she opens her eyes and looks
embarassed and she pulls away a bit, but I hold her
close and make sure she knows how wonderful what she
just did was. She had never cum before I can see from
her reaction.

I tell her to lie down next to me and I will make her
feel even better. She does as I ask and then I bury my
face in her 8 yr old snatch. My tongue slides between
her tight little cunt lips and then presses into her a
little. Her little body is shaking when I stick my
finger barely inside her during her first oral orgasm
and she lets out a yelp and a loud groan along with
the same gasps as before.

By the time I am finished, she has had 4 more loud,
juicy climaxes. After the last, I raise my head, with
my sticky young lips dripping, I take one last look at
the naked 8 yr old girl sprawled out on the bed, bald
pussy all swollen and wet, and then I ask her if she
wants to have even more fun.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 79: sleepover-discovery 
---------------------------------------- 
**warning this story is for people over 18**


THE SLEEPOVER DISCOVERY

Hi! My name is Kate and this is my story. My friends name has been 
changed. I am 19 now, but this happened around when I was 9 or 10.
---

 I have known Kristine since 2nd grade. We were best friends. It was in 
4th grade I spent the night over. That day in school the nurse told us 
and taught us about puberty etc. I already had that "talk" with my mom 
about sex etc. I guess Kristine didnt.
 I asked her, do you know how babies are made? And she said no, and I 
told her that the guy sticks his penis in the girls vagania. She was 
like gross, but we were curious, so that night while we slep in her 
double beds, we both took our panties off and looked around each 
other's vaginas. We were very amazed. Every night we did that. She moved 
away, but that 1st summer after, I was 12 I flew up and stayed with her, 
this time, we didnt just look, we stuck our fingers in it. We brushed 
around our pubic hair.  We also played with each others nipples. 
 It was about 2 years later, 14, I went up again. We slept in the same 
bed. This time, when we examed each other's vagina, she asked if she 
could kiss it, I said yes, oh my gosh, she start to lick and kiss it and 
i started to raise my hips, it felt good. I told her to lay on top of my 
stomach on mine and her head at my feet. so we were in the 69 position, 
i started to lick her, and tounge fuck her, we both really enjoyed it.
 I asked her to go get a belt, tape, a cup of water, tissues, and a 
thick marker. I told her I was going to make a didlo. I found all this 
by watching HBO etc, so i put the belt on, down by my pussy and taped on 
the marker, which i wiped of with water. I told her to lay still, I got 
up on her and start to suck her breasts, then i kissed her down to her 
pubic hair, then i put the dildo in, came back up and held her while i 
fucked her. She enjoyed it, when i was done (about 10 min) we got a new 
marker and she made a didlo and started to do me. When we were done, we 
held each other, our pussys against, cum and pussy juice everywhere.
 I told her, I was going to pee in her mouth. So i sat on her mouth, 
rubbing my clit, and letting it go. She really enjoyed it. Then she did 
it to me. In the morning, I woke up nude holding her. I never forgot 
that night
---

send me comments: snm_co@hotmail.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 80: stef 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 24 Dec 2008 02:07:25 -0500
From: john smith <yes_yes_yes123@hotmail.com>
Subject: Stef

My name is Stephenie and i am 16 years old. This story is the tail of my
first sexual experience. When this experience happend i was 12. (please
excuse any spelling errors because im a horible speller, and all
convorsations are approximate because i dont remember 100%)

When i was 12 I was in my towns traveling soccer league. I come from a
small town so we have a k to 3rd grade team, a 4th grade to 6th grade team,
and a 6th to 8th grade team. Any thing after that you play for the high
school.  (and believe me its sooooo frustrating for the older girls) I was
soo excited when i got to the older girs team because we got the big
lockers and i wasnt considered wierd for the older girs to take
showers. (even though we didnt need them it just felt good to cool off) At
the time I didnt know why i looked forward to this but every time I would
walk by the in showers in previous years i would loved to secretly stare at
the girls and i wanted to get nude too. Its ovious later i found out this
is called getting horny.  i had a good friend and neighbor on the team by
the same name as me but we called her stef to avoid confusion, and she was
in 8th grade. Stef was very athletic, and she had the redest hair ever. She
didnt shave her vagina, and she had so few lips that it almost looked like
she had no genitals at all.

We would alwase have sleepovers since we live really really close, and its
about about 20 feet from each other. Once a on one of our sleep over i saw
her mastrubating.  I didnt confront her on it because I hardly knew what it
was and i thought it was kind gross. I didnt think anything of it an just
went on my way. We loved to explore our inner tom boy on our sleep
overs. we would wrestle and compare muscles. (shut up it was funny at the
time) I think the reason we would wrestle is because it made her hot as
with me, but i didnt know thats what it was at the time. One time on a
sleep- over that would come to change my life she came over right after
practice. We didnt shower because my mom had to be somewhere so she only
had a few minutes to pick us up and drop us off at the house. My dad was
working a double shift that night because one of his drivers called in sick
so we had the house to ourselfs. we got to my house and went up to my
room. Stef asked if she could take a shower and i replied by agreeing with
her idea.
	"one problem" i said. "We have the worlds worst hot water heater
and its only enough for one shower"
	"How do you all get to shower then" she asked
	"I take a shower the night before, my dad showers at the gym and my
mom showers that morning"
	"Simple enough" she said "we could just take a shower together"
	"nah you go ahead and shower i dont really need one"
	"Why not we shower every day at practice" she argued
	"mmhmm why not i supose your right" so we went to the bathroom and
shut the door. she undressed and looked over to see me just taking my
panties off. she was Being a much more sensual environment than the school
showers i started to get wet down there. I thought I had peed my self
alittle and i got relly red and imediately sat down on the toilet.
	Stef saw me and said "no its ok you didnt pee its suposed to happen
when you get horny."
	"Horny? whats that" i responded
	"thats what happens when you look at someone who you want to have
sex with and you start to get tigley and wet."
	"whats sex?" i asked
	"you dont know what sex is?" she said confused "but I thought you
had sex ed.
	"yea but i didnt really get it, and I thought it was between a man
an a woman"
	"it can be, but it also can be between two women too."  We took our
shower in an ocward scilence and dried off to go back into my room to watch
TV. There was a show on where to girls were kissing and I started to get
wet again. I noticed that Stef had a wet spot down there and I asked if she
was horny too. she said yea.
	"Can you keep a secret" Stef asked
	"of course we alwase share secrets" i said
	"but this one is the bigest one ever" she said
	"I wont tell" I said
	"I dont know, its so ocward" she moaned
	"come on, whatever it is i wont tell" I pleeded
	"Ok... im what you cal a... lesbian" she said the last word so fast
i barely herd it.
	"Whats that" i asked
	"ahhh... its when... a girl likes, and by like i mean likes
likes,another girl" she said.  Ther was a scilence and we turned back to
the tv where the lesbians were now having sex.
	"and judgeing by the wet spot in your pants your one too" stef
added
	"but how do you know" i asked
	"If you look at anoter girl and get horny" she answered
plainly. "here watch" she reached over and touched my vagina and i let out
a little shiver. It felt soooo good i dont even know how to explain it.
	"Do you like that feeling" she asked, and i responded with a
definet yes.  "When you look at me like this" as she pulled her shirt past
her tit "do you get horny" and agian i responded with a yes. "Do you want
to touch me down there too?"  she asked and for a third time i said
yes. "then your a lesbian." she finished.  and she took her hand away from
my pussy and returned her night shirt to its normal position.
	"no dont stop" i said
	"if we contiue we would be having sex," she said warningly
	"If thats what sex is like then i wanna do more" i answerd
	"ok but it might be kinda tricky"
	"Why" i answered
	"you know how your mom alwase takes you to the one doctor who looks
at you down there" she said
	"Yea she says its cuz her and her sisters and her mom and her moms
sisters had some kind of cancer when they were either my age or alittle
older" I responded
	"yea its called ovarian cancer, and that doctor can tell if you
have had sex" she warned "and adults think its not ok for to school age
girs to have sex"
	"so then we cant have sex?" I asked sadly
	"no we just have to do it differently" she said "since my mom
started taking me to the same doctor i have to do it the diferent way too
when i have sex with my self, which is called mastrubating by the way.
	"how do you have sex the other way" i asked
	"Ill have to show you"she said "but first i need some suplies"
	"where are they" i asked anxiously
	"well while i go to my house to get a few things you need to call
your mom to see when shell be home"
	"Ok" I responded as I picked up the phone I called and talked to my
mom who said she was on her way home. When stef got back i told her the bad
news.
	she said "call back and ask if you can come over to my place
because when i was over there i lisened to a message on the machine that
said my parents wont be home till tomarow night because the the car is
having trobles starting so they are spending the night there untill a
mchanic can look at it"
	"Ok" and i picked up the phone and dialed as fast as
possible. after talking with my mom stef and i went back to her place and
she imediately took off her top to reveal a black bra with her very large
boobs for her age that i wanted so badly. but insted my chest was nearly
flat (even today i dont think they have grown since then.)
	She said "ill show you what to do and then you and i can do it
togehter"
	I responded with a shy "ok" she walked into her room and pulled out
the paper bag of 'suplies' she needed to get and set it next to her. I was
dieing to find out whats in the bag. she then took off her bra and started
to rub her niples which were hard as diamonds by now.  she slowly worked
her way down and took off her panties at a painfully slow rate.  she then
looke over and told me to do the same next to her. so i climed up and did
the same. after i was nude she told me to sit where i could see what she
was doing.  at last she reached for ther paper bag and pulled it close
slowly unrolling the top as she stroked her now soaking clit. She reached
inside and pulled out a black butt plug and some anal lube.
	"What the heck is that" i asked
	"its our alteritive way to have sex" she said.
	"what do you do with it?" i asked
	"normally you would put it in your vagina" she explained "just like
a tampon, but since we cant do that we have to put it in our butt hole"
	"What!? are you crazy why would i do that"
	"Because it feels good" she said. "have you ever massaged down
there" she asked.
	"no i guess i haven't" i answered.
	"here bend over like this" as she went dogy style.
	"ok" and i did the same
	she came over to my side of the bed and licked her finger and made
a circular pattern right on my ass hole. it kind felt good but i was still
unsure.
	"relax your muscles down here" she said I did as i was told as she
reached and started to rub my clit. it started to feel beter and beter as
time went on.
	she stoped and said "before we begin we have to clean it up
alittle."
	"I was wondering about that" i said we walked over to the bathroom
and she pulled out a turkey baster with a tip that was rounded with a file
from a loose florboard in the hole.
	as she filled it with water she said "just use the bathroom like
you would if i wanst here."  It was kinda ocward but i did it and flushed.
	"Wipe with this, and do a good job, and while your at it try and
enjoy it" she said as she handed me a wet paper towel.  I did so and
relaxed just as i did before and i did enjoy it.
	"now bend over again like i showed you in bed." she told me.  once
again i obeyed and she took some of her anal lube and smeered it all over
my butt hole. She tried to push a little in, and then she smeered the
trukey baster's tip. she pused it into my butt hole just enough for the tip
to penitrate.  and emtyed it contents inside me. she repeated the process
twice more and by now i felt like i had to go really bad. she told me to
stand and jump up and down and shake side to side untill you cant hold it,
then just go to the bathroom like you would any other time. After emptying
the contents of my butt she repeated the same process on herself. After we
had cleaned up we returned to her bed.
	"Now what we are going to do is get this," as she held up the butt
plug Which was about 2.5" in diameter "all nice and slipery and same with
your butt, and were going to have sex with it. I have a smaller one for
you."  She smeered the anal lube all over the butt plug and all over her
butt and slowly pushed the very large plug into her ass. once it was
completly inside she started to move it rapidly in and out. she slowly
pulled it out and as she did so let out a moan.
	"ok its your turn. bend over like we were doing" she said I did so
with my butt up in the air, all relaxed and waiting.
	"ill just start with my fingers." As she covered her fingers in
lube.  she gave my ass a coat of lube and slowly inserted her smallest
finger. I was soooo horny at this point it felt sooo good. she slid her
finger in and out untill it flowed more easaly, and inserted a second
finger. she removed her fingers and lubed up the smaller dildo. putting
this into my butt she moved it faster than her fingers and it was a little
bigger too. after a while she pushed it all the way in so it would stay and
picked up her dildo. she gave it to me and bent over. she didnt need to say
anything because i knew what she wanted. i retruned the favor and used the
dildo just like she did on me. after a while she said ok now push it all
the way in. i did so and then she said "Ok now you know your doing it right
when it looks like this." she pulled it out quickly and her ass stayed wide
open. moaning she inserted four fingers and spread it as wide as she
could. then she let it close and she said "ok sometimes when that happens
air gets inside and you have to get it out." she gave a little push and the
air that was traped inside her released into the air. she re-inserted her
dildo and motioned for me to continue. i did so as she rubed her pussy and
as she did so she moaned louder and louder. i felt her ass squeeze several
times and then let loose.
	"now your turn." she said. I assumed my position and started to rub
my pussy.  She started ponding my ass with the small dildo for a while then
she pulled it out and lubed up a third and slightly biger dildo and quickly
put it in my ass. she removed it quickly and stuck her face right in my
ass. i felt her tounge wiggleing inside me.  This drove me to the edge and
i exploded. I squirted a very little bit right on her stomach.  she stuck
her fingers in the juice and licked them off. I did the same and it tasted
wonderful! we took another shower accept this time we were kissing the
entire time and you could feel the ocasional finger being inserted into
your ass. Before we went to bed (nude) we got the turkey baster out again
accept just squeezed air inside ourselfs, and put a little water on our ass
and would push it out right in each others faces. then as we crawled into
bed we lubed up the butt plugs and inserted them wonering if they would be
there when we woke up.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 81: story-of-mouse 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 25 Sep 2005 05:03:44 -0700 (PDT)
From: efrat mmm <efrat13@yahoo.com>
Subject: Story of Mouse

Hi everyone, if you are under aged or it is not legal for you to read
erotic stories please stop reading now, or else? (?)

Some know my nickname from the chats here at Nifty... Mouse.

The names in the story are made up (the characters are mouse and Tal my
gf).  Some of the story was made to be more exciting, however this story is
based on the truth. I worked very hard on this story.

My name is mouse, I have black hair and dark green/brown eyes.  I am slim
and have small breasts. I am about 5 foot tall, and even though I'm 14,
people turn their heads when I pass them on the street.  Since I was 13 I
was aware of sex and I wanted to experience love and sex.  I was a little
worried I'd became a nymph because when I found out how fun it was touching
myself I was playing with myself a lot, sometimes even more then once a
day, although sometimes I didn't for more then a week.  I fantasized about
being with men, women, classmates, but mostly I was fantasizing about one
girl from my school.  I was at the 8th grade, and she was at the 9th grade.

Her name is Tal. She has dark brown hair, almost black.  She cuts her hair
short but styled. Her eyes are deep blue, and her lips are small.  She
wears light lipstick that is so exciting. Every time I looked at her I felt
my eyes lock, I couldn't look away, I felt butterflies in my tummy, and my
heart almost exploded.  Once I thought I was going to pass out, because she
looked back at me, her blue eyes paralyzed me, I think I even stopped
breathing for what seemed to be eternity...  I had to tell her, I wanted
her so much, I even had dreams about her...  I wanted it to be perfect. I
started planning in my mind how I would do it, but time was important
because the end of the school year was close, and 10th grade was at a
different school, a high school...  I would not see Tal as much, maybe not
at all. so I decided to act fast.

One day after gym class I saw her at the bathroom.  At my school we don't
use the showers, because we have gym at the last lessen of the day (at
least I did). I saw her go in to the bathroom, and I came in after her. My
heart was racing, but I knew I had to talk to her, I so wanted to be with
her. it burnt my soul. When she opened the door I stepped in front of
her. She just stood there looking at me, saying 'hi', holding her school
bag over her shoulder, I noticed she licked her lips and kept her mouth
open just a bit.  I gathered my nerves and said: 'Tal? (Licking my lips and
swallowing) I think you're the most beautiful woman I ever saw in my life,
and I just wanna be with you'.  I was so sure she was going to put me off
somehow, maybe even laugh at me. My heart was racing (later Tal told me
that she had never seen someone blush like I did on that day), I was about
to cry because she just stood there doing nothing.  Then out of the blue
she licked her lips and moved her head closer to mine, I felt her lips
kissing mine, and I even felt the tip of her toung. It felt so good...  I
felt braver and gave her my toung.  As we were kissing the bell started
ringing, and the kiss broke. I brushed my hand from the outside of her
skirt brushing her panties from the outside ever so slightly.  'Can I have
your number?' I asked. My voice was shaking a bit but I don't think she
noticed.  She wrote her cellular on a piece of paper and kissed it looking
at my eyes.  The lip stained note is at my room, safe ever since.  After
telling her were I live she went to her next class and I started walking
home.  I think I was daydreaming all the way to my home, and the smile
never left my face...  When I got home I started thinking what if she isn't
going to call me?, what if she decides that she doesn?  t wanna be with a
girl?, what if? what if?  When should I call her? Why didn't I ask her when
to call her? If I called in 30 minutes would it be too fast?  If I call
this evening would it be late? I definitely should call her today? but
when? WHEN?  I decided to call her at four, at the middle of the day? that
way I don't seem too enthusiastic.

The smell of dad's chicken soup made me hungry, so I went to eat...  Even
before finishing the plate I heard the door bell, (who uses the door bell
at noon? Don't they know someone could be sleeping? How rude!)

'MOUSE, YOU HAVE A GUEST' my father yelled.  Who could it be? I walked
towards the door when I heard her voice, OH MY GOD I was thinking... that's
the best...  I was so happy...  Tal was perfect? I started feeling
butterflies in my tummy again.  As I lead her to my room my mind was
planning what to do next?  But as I closed the door we just started kissing
passionately, standing there at the middle of my room.  We kissed for at
least five minutes, hands roaming each other.  I remember that when we
broke the kiss a line of spit connected my mouth with her chin.

Now I had to do what I planned for weeks now...  I knew she wouldn't
resist, I saw it in her eyes.  Looking at her eyes I licked my lips and bit
my lower lip, s he just stood there her mouth half open, as if she knew
what I was thinking...

I got to my knees and slowly pulled her blue skirt down, leaving her white
panties on.  I noticed that her wetness stained her panties to a point that
it literally was soaking wet...  She moaned, and her voice was so sexy I
cannot describe it to you...  I licked her tummy while she was still
standing, then I tasted a woman for the first time...  The taste was salty
and the smell was sexy. I will not lie and say it was what I imagined it
but it is nice enough to lick...  I was so into the act that I didn't
notice she took the rest of her clothes off.  As I stood up I saw her
standing there, naked, her C cup breasts have the cutest nipples, small and
brown. She is not a slim girl but she is so sexy for me...  We kissed again
and as we kissed we moved to my bed. Tal told me to lye on my back and she
kissed my feet moving up my legs, towards my soaking pussy. My hairless
pussy was pounding at the rate of my heart as I felt her closing in... but
as she was closing in she just brushed my pussy and move on to kiss my
stomach and my nipples. I was so hot and horny I can't believe it, every
time I think about this I get so hot...  After kissing me on the mouth her
hands began to roam my body.  Her hands felt like magic, I was shivering,
and my pussy so wanted to be touched...  After teasing me a bit more I
began begging her to lick me there, I begged and begged as she licked my
nipples and her hands roamed my naked body.  When she finally began to lick
my pussy she also began to rub it with her fingers, it felt so good, it was
heaven.  I cummed so hard and she continued to lick me and rub my pussy
until I asked her to stop.  I never thought sex could be so good, like
electricity running thru my body from head to toe.  When I opened my eyes I
noticed the bed was wet! It never happened to me before, I never had cummed
so hard in my life, and I didn't even know how wet I was when I cum.

Now it was Tal's turn?  I saw she was very wet, so I just started to lick
her legs and started moving up.  A moan escaped her lips (I shooshed her
because my brother was in the house)...  She was moving her stomach back
and forth in the most sexy way, like an erotic dance just for me.  Her skin
is so smooth and sexy, her tummy covered by the sexiest fine and delicate
hair, her feet are small and she has the sexiest butt ever...  I licked her
trimmed pussy from the outside, spitting on my fingers to rub her...  I
also spit at her pussy and started rubbing it with my fingers while licking
her.  My toung roamed everywhere.  The salty taste of her was driving me
crazy...  She came but she was not as wet as me. her muscles showed the
fact she was cumming, and I felt her pussy shiver around my fingers as I
was giving her pleasure...  She was moaning so hard I was sure everyone
heard us, for sure my brother that was at the house.  After that amazing
experience we just hugged.  The day after that Tal told me she loved
me... yes, the second day we were together the told me that...  she always
wants to be with me and that was fine during the summer, but it's a bit
sticky now. We are the cutest couple, that's what my closest friends tell
me...  I am so happy she wanted me then, and I don't know until now if she
would have been with me if I'd done things differently...  On that day we
just kissed and cuddled until she had to leave.  We were together since
then, although we were broken up for a week.

Please tell me if you like my story (or if you don't), if you want me to
write more, and if you like the way I write.  I am sorry for my bad
English, my native language is Hebrew.  My e-mail is efrat13@yahoo.com,

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 82: summer-camp 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 24 Feb 2002 20:30:51 -0800 (PST)
From: Julie NOPE <fscgirl98@yahoo.com>
Subject: Summer Camp

Well I got nice results from my first story, let's hope this one is even
better!!

Once again, names and those sort of things are changed.

Summer camp

When I was 12 years old, I wanted to attend this academic camp that I had
heard about for years in my school.  I had the grades, so I decided to try
to receive the scholarship to be able to attend (it was really expensive,
but mostly everyone could get financial help, if they worked hard on the
applications).  I waited three, very long weeks, to find out if I was
accepted to the camp, and finally, I received the letter congratulating me
on being the newest member of the camp!  I was never so excited for
anything in my life!  It was a co-ed camp, that was held every year at a
nearby college, for three weeks.  It was pretty much like school, and
mostly everyone that knew I was going, at my age, thought I was crazy to go
to school during the summer.  But I knew that it would be fun, and also
educational, and I was really into it.  So, the time finally came in early
June, that I would get to go, and be away from home for the first time in
my life, but it was so exciting, I never even thought about being home
sick.

I was staying in the dorms, and I would have one roommate, and we would
share a bathroom and a study lounge with 4 other rooms.  I had never been
to a college, or shared a room with someone, and I was starting to get
nervous while I was carrying my things into my new home, for three weeks.
My parents helped me unload and unpack, and then they left.  I felt so
uncomfortable sitting there all by myself, when the most amazing creature
suddenly walked thru the door.  Her name was Samantha, she had the longest,
most beautiful blond hair, she was around 5 feet 4 inches tall, and she had
these piercing green eyes, something like I had never seen.  I sat there
stunned looking at this beauty, then she came over and smiled at me, and
said, "Hi!  My name is Sam.  It looks like we are going to be roomies!"  I
smiled back, and took her soft hand into mine, and I could barely say a
word.  So I finally just said something about me being nervous, and she
told me I had nothing to worry about, that she KNEW we would be good
friends.  Her parents didn't stay long, just helping her unpack and the
usual, and then they left.  We were all alone, and I was so scared to even
be in the same room with this girl.  She was stunning.  Finally she broke
the ice, and started asking questions...

"So, what is your name?"

"Julie", I said.

"Well, Julie, what is your favorite thing to do?  I love to ice skate, and
watch movies."

"Well, umm", I said nervously, "I like listening to music, and I love
softball."

"Cool, softball is on of my favorite things to do too!  Hopefully we can
play this summer!  So, what do you want to do now, I am pretty bored.  Do
you want to go look for some guys?"  As she said that my heart melted, I
was falling in love with this girl more every second, and all she could
think about, were guys.  So I said, of course, so she took my hand and we
went looking for the guys that were in the camp.  I had never really told
anyone the feelings I had about girls, everyone just thought I was strait
like the rest of them, and I didn't want to freely admit to myself that I
was bi or a lesbian, because I really didn't understand myself what was
going on.  I just figured I was confused.  I was always pretty feminine, I
have brown hair, and blue eyes, I was about 5'5 at the time, and I had very
large breasts, which gave me a lot of attention from the boys.  But I felt
so out of place with a guy, it just felt weird.  But while, I was with Sam,
everything felt like it was right.

So, we scoped out all the guys, to find that most of them were very nerdy
and immature, so we decided to go back to the room.  Sam was getting hot,
and asked me if it would bother me if she changed into something a little
cooler, I said " No, it doesn't bother me, we have the same stuff, why
would I care if you changed in front of me." She just giggled and said,
"Well, we don't have the same size boobs, I can tell you that, mine are so
tiny, and yours are so nice, and big."

I was shocked that another girl would notice something like that, and I got
very red in the face, and she just giggled that I got so embarrassed.  She
removed her shirt, and I couldn't help but watch her as she pulled the
shirt over her head, and that she was not wearing a bra.  Her breasts were
small, but so perfect, and her nipples were very brown and hard.  I was
creaming my jeans looking at her.  She looked at me and smiled, and asked
what was wrong.  I just turned my head quickly and told her that I was just
shocked that she didn't wear a bra.  She threw on a tiny cotton tank top,
and removed her jeans to put on a skimpy pair of short shorts.  She came
running over and jumped on my bunk, and asked me if I liked her boobs, or
if I thought they were too small.

I didn't know what to say, I just stammered and said "no, the are fine"

"Fine?!  That's all?"

"Well, how would I know? I guess they are nice, I wouldn't know."  I said

"Julie, I know you have been looking at me that way, I just wish you would
come out and tell me that you think I am cute, because I think you are."
She said with a smile on her face.

"I do like you, but I am scared, cause I shouldn't like girls!"  I said
with tears in my eyes.

Sam hugged me, and said " Who is telling you this shit?  Everyone knows
that girls can do this sort of thing."  As she leaned over and kissed me.
My whole world was at a stand-still.  This kiss was so passionate, and
tender.  I couldn't imagine anything being better! (Until later that is)
Then she stopped and looked at me, and asked if she kissed ok.  I could
have died, I just grabbed her and kissed her again.  We sat for a few min
just kissing and running our fingers thru each other's hair.  And then we
heard a knock on the door.  "Damn it!"  I said, and I jumped up to get the
door, and it was the camp supervisor, saying that we needed to get ready
for an assembly.  So, we both got ready, and left.

The assembly, I could think of nothing except Sam, and she was sitting
beside of me, so all I could do was look at her.  She kept looking back at
me smiling, then whispered into my ear, "Just wait till we get back, that
is when the real fun will start!"  I was getting so wet at this point, I
just couldn't wait.  Until finally it was over, and we went back to the
room.  We no more than got in the door, and she was kissing me again.  She
asked if I had ever done anything like this, and I had messed around with a
friend of mine before, but I was still pretty knew at it.  She told me that
she had never even kissed anyone until me.  I was shocked.

So, I asked her if she wanted to sit down, so we sat down on my bunk, and I
slowly took off her tank top to reveal her beautiful small breasts.  She
removed my tee shirt, and looked at my large boobs, that were strapped in
by a very uncomfortable bra, and was fumbling to remove it.  So I helped by
taking it off myself, and my breasts sprung up, and she just gasped when
she saw my boobs, and my nipples were so hard, they were ready to explode.
She asked if it was ok if she could feel them, I said it was fine, as long
as I could feel hers too.  So, she reached out her hand and pinched my
nipples.  I was in ecstasy!  She cupped my breasts, and I was pinching her
nipples ever so slightly, then she took my nipple into her mouth, circling
it with her tongue.  I was going crazy.  I layed down, as she paid very
close attention to each nipple, sucking on them evenly.

"Oh Sam, you are amazing" I said.

Then she said, "Will you show me more things to do?"

"Oh yea, I will show you"

I let her lay on the bottom, and I pulled her shorts off, very slowly and
gently, to reveal the cutest flowered underwear.  I could feel her wetness,
as I pulled her panties down.  I saw her beautiful growing bush, and I
cupped her mound with my hand, sliding one finger in that tight pussy to
see how ready she was for me.  She was moaning so softly, and I could see
her pinching her nipples while I was taking care of the rest.  I pulled her
legs apart as much as I could, and all I could see was that wet little box
of hers, begging for some relief.  I licked her outer lips up and down, and
heard her moans getting a little deeper and deeper.  I felt for the hard
clit and gave it most of the attention, while I would place a finger deep
inside her very tight, wet cunt.  She was moaning so hard, that she threw a
pillow over her mouth to keep from people hearing her pleasure.  I nibbled
ever so easy on her clit, then I could hear her breathing getting faster
and she was starting to tremble all over.  I knew she was close, so I
lapped harder on her hard clit, and worked two fingers in and out of her
pussy.  I felt her climax and her muffled screams under the pillow.  She
climaxed for about 2 min before letting up, and I tasted the most amazing
cum, just streams of warm juice from her.  I was in heaven.

She was panting, and said "Oh Julie, I want to make you feel this good.  I
love you"

"Oh, I love you too Sam" and we kissed and she got her first taste of
pussy, and it was her own glorious juices.

She took off my jeans and she saw my black bikini underwear, she licked my
underwear while I still had them on, and I could feel her warm breath on my
box.  I was ready to explode, but I wanted to make it last as long as I
could.  She removed my panties, and my legs were spread wide, and she dove
in, clumsy at first, but then tried to mimic what I did to her.  She lapped
at my SUPER hard clit, then would circle it, then lap more, and I was
pinching the shit out of my nipples, I was having a feeling of pure sexual
pleasure.  I run my fingers thru that gorgeous hair as she worked away at
my cunt.  She was becoming a pro at this, and I was just laying back for
the ride.  I felt that feeling rush over me, and waves of my first orgasm
with her hit me like a runaway train.  I had a very quick climax, but then
started right into another one, and another one, I was having multiple
orgasms in a row, something that had never happened to me before.  I tried
to hide my squeals of pleasure, under a pillow the same as Sam, and she was
such a great lover, because she would go all night if I could.  I finally
collapsed after my last, violent orgasm.  She climbed on top of me and
kissed me passionately, and I could tell by the look in her eyes, that she
truly had a love for me, one that would continue to grow throughout camp.
I held her, and we fell asleep.

Did you think I did better than my last story?  The kissing Game?  Well if
you want to send me your feedback, please email me at FSCGirl98@yahoo.com

Thanks

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 83: summer-house 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 1998 16:31:33 PDT
From: Rose Brooks <rose38@hotmail.com>
Subject: Summer House

Now, don't hold me to any dates or ages.  I'm going to fix my age to 12 and
the time to the summer of 1990.  Also, the events will not necessarily be
in the proper order.  The facts will be as accurate as my memory will
allow.  The names will not be changed to protect the guilty!  I will need
to set up the scene some:
        Back in the 1980's my folks had a "summer house" in Spring Lake,
Michigan.  The house was on the lake, and the lake had access to Lake
Michigan via the Grand River.  Look on a map, Central West Michigan just
north of Holland.  We had 3 boats, a 21' cabin cruiser with 2 40 horsepower
outboards, a 12' Boston Whaler with a 40 hp.  outboard, and a sailboat
(butterfly class).  I raced the sailboat once on Wed. and twice on both
Sat. & Sun.  I spent 3 summers here, and many week-ends during the school
year.  We sold the house a few years ago, but I still go there to visit as
often as I can.
        I had 3 girlfriends; Tommy, Laura, and Terry.  Tommy (I usually
call her Tom) was my next door neighbor and still is my best friend.  Laura
& Terry are sisters and lived 4 houses over.  Tom is one year younger than
myself, Terry is about my age, and Laura is about 2 years older.  Tommy & I
spent the whole summers together except from Sat.  sundown to Sun. evening
(she is a Dutch Reform & they can't do ANYTHING during that time except sit
& pray & go to church).  When we got bored, we got Terry & Laura.  We spent
much of the time water-skiing, driving the boat to town, and swimming.  I
slept in the boat almost every night and Tommy joined me much of the time.
There were 2 boys (Tom & Stu) in the neighborhood.  They were real pests,
peeking in our windows and playing tricks on us.  Typical 12 year old
boys.... enough set-up.

        Tommy and I were excited that we got the magazine.  She didn't
think that I would do it.  It was easy.  I just put the Hustler inside the
over-size Life Magazine, and the lady didn't need to touch it when she rang
it up.  Now, sitting in the boat, we had it open to the nicest picture.
        "How can these great looking women pose for pictures like that?"
Tommy says, looking at a picture of a lady with all of her private parts
showing.  "I would just die if someone was looking at pictures of me like
that!"  We examine the picture very closely.  She has really big breasts
and she is holding both of them up like a bra would.  She is sitting with
her knees apart and her pussy in all it's color is in full view!
        "I can see some wetness down there." I say, pointing at her pussy.
"I think it makes her excited, having her picture took like that!"  My
little cunt begins to stir and I become flushed.  I wonder if Tom is
feeling the same.  I turn the pages until I stop at a picture of a women
with her finger half inside the lips of her pussy.  "Oh! look at her!"  I
scratch some kind of a itch on my pussy threw my pj's and Tom catches me.
        "This getting to you?" she asks. "Maybe we better take a dip?"  We
slip out of our night cloths and open the cabin door.  It's a nice warm
evening and the moon is full.  We look up at our houses and see that they
are both dark.  I figure that it's not quite midnight and few boats will be
out on the lake.  We hop on the dock and look at the water.  The air feels
great on my nude body, but the water looks dark and cold.  I climb on the
piling and grab the flag pole.  From here it's a nice 6 foot dive to the
water.  I want to make my first crash into the water a great one.  So I
stand on one leg, hold the flag pole with my right hand, and stick my other
arm and leg out as far as I could.
        "Watch this!"  Tommy, right under me looks up and her eyes land
right on my crotch!  She remains focused there for a moment, and I feel
those juices stirring again.  I let go of the flag pole and perform a
sloppy dive.  Tom jumps in after me.  The water feels not only great but
very sensual on my naked body and I begin thinking about Tommy in a very
different way.  We both have the same kind of bodies. We are skinny, hair-
less, and little boobies just starting their journey outward.  I wonder if
she plays with her cunny like I sometimes do.  I wonder if I should try to
find out.  I'm afraid that I'd get really embarrassed or that she might
think that I'm weird.
        A half hour later we were sitting and air-drying on the floor in
the stern of the boat.  I was leaning back with my arms resting on my
upturned knees and I notice Tom looking at my crotch again!  "Do you think
I have a neat looking cunt?" I ask.
        Tom looks up and acts embarrassed that she was caught.  "You have
the nicest looking pussy I've ever seen!"  Like she's seen a lot!  "How
about mine?" she says as she pulls her knees apart.  She is sitting in a
dark corner, away from the moon's light, so I move in for a closer look.  I
can see the beginnings of her pubic hair, but it's essentially hairless.
Her clit is sticking out of the folds of skin and her slit is most
definitely damp.  Using her right hand, she separates the folds around her
clit with two fingers.  I see that it is swollen and very moist.
        "This is turning you on, isn't it?" I ask, "I'm feeling something
too!"
        "Ya!  Lets go into the cabin where it's totally private.  Maybe we
can compare cunts!"  We seat ourselves in the cabin on cushions and face
each other.  The light in the boat cabin is bright compared to the
moonlight outside.  We position our pussy's facing each other about a half
a foot apart and begin our examination.  "Open yourself up like this." Tom,
using both hands this time, opens all of her pussy lips.  Her skin is white
and inside her pussy, it's very wet and dark pink.  She watched as I do the
same.  "My button is bigger than yours but it looks like your slit is
longer."
        "But, I'm just as wet as you!" I interrupt.  "Watch this!"  I
slowly slip a finger into my pussy and move it in and out.  I've done this
before, but it feels a lot better with Tom watching me.  I close my eyes
and continue slowly finger fuck myself for a few moments.
        Tommy breaks my concentration with "Can I try that!?"  I expect her
to begin working on her own pussy, but instead, she slides her finger into
me!  After the shock wears off, I relax and concentrate on the feeling of
someone else stimulating me.  She slowly finger fucks me just as I was
doing.  At one point, she stops with her finger all the way inside and
begins bending and turning her finger around.  Just as I feel the familiar
quiver in the walls of my pussy start, she removes her finger.  "Here, now
you do me!"
        My voice is weak from the near orgasm and abrupt stop, "OK, lie
back and let me have at you!"  I figure that Tommy didn't know what she was
creating inside me.  She surely must have never frigged herself all the way
to orgasm before, or she would have tried to get me off.  Well, I guess she
is going to have a surprise!  I sit on my hip to her left side and begin by
rubbing her whole crotch with the palm of my left hand.  I move my hand in
circles and push gently down.  She begins to move her lower body up and
down.  I hear a small grunt from her.  With my right hand, I relieve her
clit from the folds of skin and move some moisture up from her cunny onto
her little swollen clit.  With the finger of my right hand, I begin by
lightly rubbing the very top of her button.  She begins to squirm a bit.
Then I circle it around and around, and then quickly flick the top again.
I feel her hand on my arm, trying to push me away.  She must be very
sensitive right now.  I hear a little giggle come from her.  So I move my
finger down and slide it into her very wet passage.  I slide it out, and
then using two fingers, begin to slowly finger-fuck her.
        "Oooh!  That's nice!"  Tom's chest is heaving as she speaks.
"Faster!" she pleads.  I pick up the pace and begin to rub her clit with my
other hand.  "Mmmmm!"  She is really squirming around now. I feel a great
deal of juice gathering around my two fingers.  I continue working on her.
After a minute or two, her upper torso lifts up, her eyes are close
tightly, and her mouth opens.  I feel her pussy walls contract and much
more wetness comes out onto my hand as I pump in and out.  Then I feel it
begin to spasm.  "Oh! Oooo! Eeee! Ah! no, no, YES! No, stop" Her knees come
together and she lowers her legs trying to push my hand out, but I just
stop plunging and keep my two fingers buried deep in her.  I feel the
contractions slow down and then stop, so I begin again to slowly move them
a short distance in and out.  She squirms and giggles, "No, no, stop OK?"
When I sit back up and look at her she asks, "What was that??? Wow!"
        "You came!  You had an orgasm."  I'm unconsciously fingering myself
as I talk.  "I've been making myself do that for a while already."  I'm
really wet and flushed.  My nipples are hard.  "Now, you do it to me, OK?"
        Tom kneels between my legs as I settle back on a pillow.  I'm
really hot and ready for some fun and I wonder if her inexperience will
hinder my adventure.  I close my eyes, "OK, let's see what you can do for
me!"  My stomach gets butterflies because I know that she is examining my
pussy in every detail.  I feel the back of her fingers rubbing up and down
my wet slit.  A finger slides down the slit and back up to my clit.  It
hits it sharply and I jerk a bit.  "Are you teasing me, Tom?  Hurry up, I'm
going nuts here!"  I wiggle my butt down into the cushion and grab my knees
opening myself up as much as possible.  I feel two hands now, one knuckle
is spinning on my butt hole, and the other hand is sticking it's two
fingers into me.  She slides them in very easily. Once in, she turns them
180 degrees around and back for a while.  Then the in and out motion
starts.  Her other hands finds my clit.  She's doing me now exactly like I
did to her, good girl!  My orgasm rockets through out my body.  The
pleasure is tremendous.  It's much better than when I do it myself!  We are
both wondering to ourselves if we are now lesbians.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 84: summer-sleepover-fun 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 13 Jan 2001 06:31:47 -0800 (PST)
From: Ann Williams <sekzy_annie2@yahoo.com>
Subject: summer sleepover fun

This is a TRUE STORY. This is a chat transcript between a friend of mine
and myself.  Please reply to Sekzy_annie2@yahoo.com

sekzy_annie2: tell me about your first time with a girl
sekzykim: shes one of us
sekzy_annie2: pleeeeeaaaaaasssssssseeeeee
sekzykim: i want 2 kiss u from hair 2 toes
sekzy_annie2: uh huh....
sekzykim: blow warm breath kisses on ur throat ur nipples and slowly suck
	my way down from there
sekzy_annie2: tell me about your first time
sekzykim: i was 11
sekzykim: at a sleepover
sekzy_annie2: yes....
sekzykim: had never done nethingb4
sekzykim: sexually
sekzykim: there were 4 of us all 11
sekzy_annie2: ok
sekzykim: and my friends older sister michelle 15 wanted to sleep with us
	in the pj party
sekzykim: so we said sure
sekzy_annie2: yes...
sekzykim: she gave us some wine and we all got the giggles
sekzykim: and played truth or dare
sekzy_annie2: this is getting good
sekzykim: mostly dares where touch kiss fart and funny things
sekzy_annie2: your doing real good
sekzykim: but michelle touched my puss on outside of my panties when she
	kissed me, kinda just pressed my clit
sekzykim: it made me wet and she cud tell
sekzy_annie2: was that part of the dare
sekzykim: not really it was supposed 2 be hugnkiss
sekzykim: but she felt my wetness
sekzy_annie2: did anyone else see?
sekzykim: i dont think so
sekzy_annie2: what happened between you 2
sekzykim: nuthin til every1 went 2 sleep
sekzy_annie2: ok then what
sekzykim: then she started whispering 2 me
sekzykim: asked if i liked the touch there n i said yes
sekzykim: so she asked if i wud touch her there n i said ok
sekzy_annie2: great so far
sekzykim: so we rubbed clits 4 awhile n she started kissing down my belly
	and u know went down on me
sekzykim: it was so nice
sekzy_annie2: what was your reaction
sekzykim: tickled tingled then wow cum first time ever
sekzykim: later in the nite she talked me into doing her
sekzykim: we 69'd then
sekzy_annie2: i bet that wasn't too hard to convince you
sekzykim: at first i was scared and kinda grossed out cuz of smell
sekzy_annie2: thats true
sekzykim: but then when she was real wet and cumming she tasted great
sekzykim: we had fun all summer til school started

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 85: sweden-1978 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 8 Jul 2013 21:16:51 +0200
From: Nina Swahn <nina.swahn@gmail.com>
Subject: Sweden and 1978

Nina Swahns adventure in Sweden 1978

Part 1 out of 5

The beach.

This happened a long time ago, in early summer 1978 and I was in 8th grade.
In the school I went to, it was at this time "fashionable" for girls wear
just panties and a long T-shirt or T-shirt dress, of course, no one left
home in this dress if the parents were at home but in my case had they have
always gone to work long before I was going to school.

I myself was a little ambivalent on this, I felt naked without pants but it
was a bit exciting, though only very little. The thing is that I was hardly
in the "popular gang" among girls and violating the dress code was really
nothing you could do in my position if you do not want to be bullied.

It was only 6 weeks left to summer holidays and it was an unusually hot
day, the first day of school in May. I had my school bag, a half short
T-shirt dress and my red cotton panties when I took the bike and went
barefoot to school, the morning was a little chilly still but it would
quickly become warmer.

I was late and did not have time to go to the bathroom before the first
class  , a double class  in Swedish and it was time to show what we had
been working on the latest month, so we had no time for a break. First hour
went well, I presented my book "Crap the traditions" which was one of the
most daring books on the list, and many thought it was a good presentation.
Second hour was worse, I had become so in need to pee that it hurt and
could not sit still. As the break approached, I was once near to pee my
self.

Finally the bell rang and we were able to leave the classroom, I hurried to
the bathroom, but I felt a few drops trickled out of me before I got inside
the toilet I tore my panties off and sat on toilet chair and let out a
small rapids of pee. When I looked at my panties, I saw that they had
become very soaked in the crotch, the cotton had sucked up the pee and a
dark stain spreading on both the front and back. I had no choice, I could
not wear a pair of panties that smelled strongly of my pee, so I threw them
in the trash bin.

The rest of the school day, I went dressed only in my rather short dress
without panties, I was careful how I sat and that no one pulled up the
dress as some of the more childish guys often did in the hallways.

The last break, I sat with some of the girls in the gang, Sara, Anne and
Carita in the area where it was smoking allowed. We talked about go
swimming after school, one of the girls know a little bathing place no more
than a few miles from the school, where the water was warm faster than it
was in deeper lakes, all of us had by now become quite sweaty and hot.

Actually, I wanted to go home and put on new panties and get a swimsuit
before we went there but the other was cycling straight from school to the
lake, the idea was to swim nude, and I withered better than to miss an
opportunity that might get me in the gang.

It was mostly flat land to the lake but also the occasional uphill, and
riding a bike without panties made me excited, I felt how wet I was and for
every turn of the pedals saddle slipped in between my labia. When I stood
up and pedaled uphill slopes, I could feel the wind cool me between my legs
and how something wet slowly ran down the inside of my thighs.

When we arrived the other three girls tock off theres T-shirt and panties
and ran down to the water, there was no other in the swimming area so I
took off my dress and hoped that they would not see that I had no panties
on me or that I was wet and a little swollen after the ride.

Getting into the water was a relief, it was quite cold but it felt good
against my pussy. We did not swim for so long time, maybe fifteen minutes,
before they thought it was too cold. Then we went up to drye our bodies in
the sun, unsought the talk came in at the subject of sex, a couple of the
other, Anne and Carita were a little more experienced at this point than I
am, they had been with a guy and boasted pretty good about how awesome it
has been. They were right well developed also, their breasts were quite
large and they already had a pretty big bush between the legs. The third
girl Sara was like me quite late developed, she had more hair than I do,
but her breasts were also small and had small puffy nipples almost as me.

The two of us sat there silent while the other two continued to boast, we
glanced at each other and I got a look that was more than just a glance.
Then the conversation drifted over to this to go to school in t-shirt and
panties, generally they thought it was a way to show that you was not a
wimp, but actually dared to show off a bit more than all nerds, and the
smaller the panties were the tougher it was. When they began to compare her
panties with each other, I sat and tried to vanish, but of course Sara
asked me about how my panties looked. I felt myself blushing all over, and
got out of me that I probably forgot to put on my panties this morning.

I knew how they looked at me, half admiring and half amazed. Since Anne
laughed and said they had an live nudist in the gang! Then we started to
develop this with daring, which dared to run naked up the road from the
beach and to back? it would be at least one foot on the tarmac before we
had to turn around, all dared to do so. The next thing was to climb up on
the hill visible from the road to settle and make a split, All dared it
too, first Anne and Carita, then Sara and last up was me. As I lay there
and spread my legs as much as I could an bus went past, I didn't had time
to see if there was anyone who saw me, even if there were no passengers in
it.

When I came down, we laughed about it, and Anne felt that was probably
worth a penalty, being caught like that. We all laughed about it but
everyone else seemed to think it was an good idea. They decided that I
would masturbate front of them lying on a picnic table that was on the
beach, and I was not to stop until I had an orgasm for real. I who had
hardly done that more than twice in bed under the covers when it was dark
and everyone in the house was asleep, I felt myself blushing even more, but
forced my self to lie down on my back on the table. Carita and Anne pulled
my legs over the side edges so I was really exposed to both the sun and the
eyes of all, I felt my moist womb opened by itself and exposed how horny I
had become by now, my swollen nipples stood straight up and labia were wet,
swollen and red.

I began awkwardly to caress my self on the breasts and womb, I felt myself
trembling with both shame and lust. Sara stood in front of me and watched
carefully how I did it for a while, then she said like that I will never
have an orgasm. She grabbed my hand that I had between my legs and plunged
my finger in to the vagina and pulled it up and over my clitoris, repeated
it a few times before she put my thumb on the clitoris and rubbed firmly as
she brought my middle finger with her index finger into me. I came like I
never did before, felt his whole body went up in an arc and trembled as I
screamed and moaned completely out of control. I was as surprised as my
spectators, orgasm had hit me completely unprepared.

Afterwards I lay there and shivered, I could not get up because my legs
would not carry me, and the others looked at me completely silent, then
murmured Anne and Carita they had to ride home. Sara stayed behind, she did
not put her cloth on when others dressed them self, both T-shirt panties
and tights now, they would go home to there families at home now.

I began to relax and lay still but completely exhausted on the table, I
felt I was smudged deep into the buttocks, I was hot in the labia and when
I gently felt them, they were thoroughly swollen.

Sara stood and looked at me and smiled a secretive smile, put his head
slightly tilted to one side and said.

- You liked being mastered, do you not? Letting go of control and let us
decide what to do ...

I had not thought of it that way, but in a way it was probably true. It had
butterflyes in my belly when they started talking about a punishment. I
nodded and blushed, because I was not sure my voice would work.

Sara nodded back and smiled, she sat down on the bench at the table and
rubbed a little preoccupied the thin hair that was the beginning of my
little bush.

- If you liked it maybe we can make a little deal, I do not think Anne or
Carita really understood you, they are right really inexperienced, and have
not done it quite yet even though they want to make others believe they
have.

It tingled again in my pussy by her touch, but I tried not to show it. I
nodded to Sara as confirmation that I also thought like she did, although I
found it quite difficult to follow her thought while I was getting more and
more excited again.

Sara looked me in the eyes, hers was dark brown and big, I lost myself
completely in them, then she spoke softly and quietly in my ear.

- If you want to be with me then you must promise me that you trust me,
trust entirely that I just want what is best to you no matter what happens.
Then you also have to promise that you obey me, in everything I command
you. Only you do that, I'll bring you more amazing experiences than you can
dream of.

Her fingers were playing now with the first real hair that began to arrive
closer to my swollen, hot and wet slit. I nodded and squeaked out a yes, I
promise. The pulse throbbed now heavily in my chest and I wanted to caress
me again, I groped down with my hand just to meet her hand grabbed my hand
in a firm grip.

- First, before you do anything more, I want you to lick me, you caress my
pussy with your tongue and put it in me as far as you can.

I could see in her eyes now that she was just as excited as I was, and I
remembered what I just had promised her and stepped unsteadily off the
table and got on my knees in front of her sex, the glistening of moisture
and smell of her sex juices. I leaned forward and licked gently at first,
along the edge of her outer labia, played a little with the soft thin hair
that grew there. Then I let her tongue gently taste the wet inner labia,
spread them and dug myself deeper into her lovely bosom, searched and found
her hole poked her tongue as deep as I could and felt she had no hymen
left. Her juices ran down her tongue into my mouth, down the chin and neck
before she sapped plentiful. At the same time, I used my index finger to
massage her clitoris.

I heard her breathing became shorter and more intense, then she started to
moan almost silently behind clenched teeth. I suddenly felt her hand around
my neck and she pressed my face against her pussy while I could feel the
muscles of her vagina squeezed around my tongue, a cascade of pussy juice
washed over my face, into my mouth and I swallowed the pure reflex.

When it was over, she released my neck and leaned forward and kissed me on
the mouth, a hot kiss and we had our tongues in each others mouths. Then we
heard a car turned into the path down to the beach area and we had to hurry
to run back to our clothes and take upon us our T-shirts, more time was not
given until the car turned onto the grass field that served as parking,
about 10 meters away. I felt the sticky love juice was still in my face and
tried to quickly wipe it of on my forearms. Sara giggled as she slipped
down her panties in her shoulder bag, and said that it was time for us to
ride home.

Out of the car stepped a family, a man of 30 years of age a woman a few
years younger, and their two daughters twins in age 8-9 years. I recognized
them from next street to the street I lived on, and blushed just thinking
what if we had not heard them come.

We started cycling homewards, slowly and carefully, in particular I was
quite swollen and sore, every turn of the pedals did thoroughly hurt bad.
And now it was not exciting, just painful. After a few hundred meters we
were in the large forest strip that separated the gravel road and the
mainhighway to on this side of the lake, when Sara said.

-Stop, we must do something about our naked pussys and your sticky face
before we get home.

She picked up her panties from the bag and worked up another couple she had
in reserve, she also had paper napkins that she gave me.

- You never know when you need an extra pair of panties! She said with a
sly smile.

With panties on, it was easier to ride, a little easier anyway. It was past
seven in the evening when I got home and I really tried to walk normally
when I got inside the front door, and I managed quite well enough, anyway,
no one said anything. Mom frowned and shook her head when she saw how I was
dressed, but nothing was said about it.

After dinner I went to my room and pretended to study, I sat in bed with a
book and tried to read it, it went no further. The next morning I awoke
when mom woke me up when they would go to work, I still had the book in bed
and must have fallen asleep soon after I opened it, I hugged mom and said
goodbye. When they had gone, I went into the shower and showered long and
hot.


Part 2/5
Busted.

I had no more t-shirts dresses clean so I took it the longest T-shirt I
had, though it was considerably shorter than the dress I had the day
before, but after everything that happened I did not fear to show of my
panties in school any more. For safety's sake, I packed down a couple of
extra panties in my school bag before I got on the bike and went to school.
It did not hurt to ride now and the sun was shining from a clear blue sky
and it getting hot even though the clock was not even 08:00.

After the first class  , a double class  in history, I went out to smoking
area, where Sarah was waiting for me with a couple of guys from paralell
class. I sat with them and listened to most of what they talked about, most
music and who would have a party at the weekend. Then began the break to a
close and the guys went inside.

Sara smiled at me and said.
- What good of you to come out to me, for I promised you something
yesterday and you promised to obey me in return.

I nodded in reply and could immediately feel my pulse became heavier and
tingle that came back.

- Then we start like this, give me your panties because I forgot mine. She
said with a mischievous smile.

I reached into my bag, and took up my spare panties and gave them to Sara
with a broad smile.

- Good, I also want the one you are wearing!

I must have looked silly, I felt my chin fall down when I started trying to
talk me out of it.

- No bull shit, give me them, you should be just as naked under the T-shirt
as I am now.

She lifted quickly to her t-shirt and I could see that she was already
moist and a little red between her legs. I tried to explain again that I
could not go without panties in such a short t-shirt, but Sara ignored that
completely and said that I had promised to obey her in everything she
ordered me to do. Now I then got my first order and had nothing but to
obey, otherwise she would never even look in my direction!

I gulped and looked around, no one was looking at this side of school, some
rode away on the bike path behind the hedge, but it was all I could see.
Looked pleadingly at Sara again but she just shook her head in response to
my silent question. I took a deep breath and thought that I would surely
come to regret this, then I took off my panties and gave them to her. She
donned my panties and pulled them up tight against her bosom, I could see
it almost immediately became a small damp patch on the underside.

I pulled my shirt so that it would be longer, but it did not become any
longer, of course. I could feel the soft breeze tickled my naked sex and
felt that I would probably find it difficult to concentrate in class the
rest of the day. The first class after the break was art class, an double
hour, and it was often messy. I'd Turner, damn me to sit astride and kick
on the foot plate and do pottery today, I was also the last one of our
group so the teacher waiting for me to get ready so she could burn the
whole class pots before it was time for the summer holidays! There was no
chance to escape.

Quiet, cold sweat but more excited I started walking towards the art class
room when the bell rang out. It spun so many conflicting thoughts in my
head that I lost all context and reality, all I could think about was my
naked pussy, how hot and wet it felt like, and that it probably would soon
be presented to my class!

When I entered the classroom it was messier than usual and our art teacher,
an young woman, only 24 years old, was in a very bad mood. I must admit
that I probably was a bit of her darlings and were therefore excluded all
mess by letting me go alone into the ceramics room to complete my pot. I
breathed out, saved from my public humiliation by bare luck due to the
school troublemakers that were determined to sabotage the art class!

Alone in the pottery room, I chose my favorite turntable, it would not have
been my first choice if I had not had the locked door between me and the
class. I sat low on the bench with footrest kick off the board, quite far
apart in other words, and as the space up to the potter's wheel was pretty
crowded sat with her knees as wide apart. I enjoyed the feeling of drops of
water that found its way under the top sprinkle the inside of my thighs and
on my lap during the short apron that protected shirt.

I got very horny, i could feel the moist dripping from my pussy. I guess it
was the combination of excitement and the fear of being caught, now mixed
with the relief and sense of security.

Suddenly the door opens, it's Miss coming in to see how I am doing, I had
not expected her to come in because she is mostly left me alone if I did
not ask for help. She shut the door carefully behind her and toke a deep
breath.

- I do not know what's gotten into them today, she says, watching the door
behind her and sighs.

- Well what about the ...

She stops mid-sentence and I realized that she has seen me, she was
actually standing just right in front of me and I sit astride with his
knees up and have played with myself in the knowledge that I would be alone
until I chose to withdraw ceramics room, and I feel that my labia are open,
leaving a clear view straight into me.

I blushed as I've never done before, I feel how red I was becoming, from
top to bottom the blush swept over my body, I could even see my own hands
become red. I was embarrassed terribly while I could feel the tingle where
and contractions which reveals that an orgasm was coming. Then I was
ashamed even more, blush became deeper, because I knew I could not stop
myself from coming.

My teacher was also a little red, but just a little. She looked at me,
called me as I sat there and showed what I was red as a lobster,
desperately holding the handles at the side of the potter's wheel while the
orgasm got my belly to shake and pulsate. I whimpered like a puppy, a voice
that surprised myself, and was breathing intermittently and heavy, while my
eyes had trouble focusing on anything at all!

Then she smiled and looked me straight in the eye and wrinkled up his
forehead.

- That could get you expelled from school, reported to Social agencies and
give you a lot of trouble!

I was still shaky throughout the body, the voice did not carry so I nodded
a little iffy and just wanted to get away, disintegrate and blow away like
a plume of smoke.

She stood close to me and I felt her body heat through the fabric of her
shirt, she put an arm around my shoulder and when I turned my head to look
at her, I put my cheek against her breast, the nipple was hard as a button
on my cheek and I realized that even Miss was excited by what I've done.

- I will not report you, 'she said with a soft voice, but you can not do
this on my class, or on someone else's class either. Because if it comes
out, I can not protect you. I understand how you feel because I myself feel
the same way sometimes, but you are not allowed to give in, for most people
out there do not understand at all what this is about!

I nodded again and managed to get control of my voice again.

- Yes, I understand, Miss, 'I said, and felt the tears burn under the
eyelids.

She smiled at me and told me from now on would call her Nettan, do not miss
or Anette,  her friends always called her Nettan, and she wanted me to be
one of her friends.

- Now take and clean up before you get out of ceramics, you have both clay
and pussy juice all over your thighs and butt! Said "Nettan" and laughed!

Then she smiled and went back to the classroom and locked the door very
carefully behind.

I felt limp all over, as if I ran a marathon race. The legs would hardly
carry me when I went over to the coarse sewer were we fetched water for the
ceramics from. I washed the first of mud from my hands, then I lifted up
the shirt under my chin and washed carefully and slowly all messy and muddy
from my belly and down the legs.

I still felt dazed, I had been caught but escaped, I had had an orgasm
without even touching myself. From the look miss, no Nettans, eyes just
gave me just as she closed the door, she told me that I probably could
expect more contact with her as her "friend" whatever that might mean.

Afterwards I wiped myself with paper towels, corrected the t-shirt that had
been stained by clay, I took a deep breath and went back to the classroom.
The class was almost over and everyone was picking up stuff to go out on
the break, lunch break.

I went to the lunch room, took the food, it was some kind of pasta, but I
did not care so much about what it was. I sat down at a table by yourself,
as I always did, and tried to eat but could not get down even a bite. My
mind was in total chaos and I felt very confused. Suddenly I hear someone
say my name, it's Sara who sat opposite me without me even noticing.

- Euhm, yes. I heard that she said something more but have no idea what.

Then Sara whispered to me.

- Keep your knees together, I saw from far away at the doorway that you do
not have your panties on!

- Oh, yes, yes, sorry!

I quickly put my legs together and smoothed my shirt so that it would hide
as much as possible.

- I, I did not think I was so visible, no one do ever notice me here in the
lunch room.

Sara nodded a little thoughtful, poked a bit of food, looked up and looked
me in the eye.

- I know, though I have watched you ever since we started in seventh grade.
I've never understood why you have always been alone, though I have not
always been popular either, but I have been well received in the girls
company, and now i do not have to try so hard.

- I'm l can feel that something has happened, it is because our little game?

I nodded, then told her all about what happened inside the pottery room,
just everything I thought, done, experienced, and how it felt. Even Miss
Nettans comments.

Sara whistled a little quiet on the inhalation and nodded.

- She's cute Nettan, though I had no idea that she was so wild, I thought
that she was a little prude herself.



Part 3/5
Shoplifting with problems.

After we sat in the lunch room, we went out to smoking area, it was full of
people there so we went on outside the school fence down to the mall. Sara
had been new to our city when she started seventh grade, from Stockholm,
and had therefore immediately become popular with the blondes in the gang.

She had the experience of being the one who was bullied and therefore took
the chance when she got it, becoming one of the team instead of being the
quiet girl everyone ignores. That was why she had first brought me out to
smoking area, to meet the gang as her introduction, although it was Anne
who asked me to come. She said she somehow seen herself in me, even though
I had shown myself to be even more reckless than she's ever been.

I almost blushed and smiled back. I told her that I had noticed her already
in seventh grade too, but then it was because she had come to the school as
a tough urban girl who even got the guys to back off when she arrived.
Gradually, I had seen a softer side of her, and last summer, I had crush on
her. Then I blushed again while I told her that I was now totally in love
with her, and I was horny to just feel her presence as now that we just
walked along together.

-You will get one more mission before school ends today, then I'll take you
on a ride with the moped. First, I want you to go in and buy cigarettes for
me at the ICA supermarket and steal a deodorant for me too, one of the new
Date roll on.

She picked up a couple of bucks and gave me, and said she was going to wait
outside in the atrium.

- But how, I asked? I have no place to hide anything wearing just an
T-shirt.

- Uh huh Be a bit inventive! Answered Sara.

I went into the store and looked around a bit among feminine hygiene
products, found her deodorant and looked round I was alone. There was
really only one place to hide it, and the form it had, it would probably be
able to work to, though it was larger than anything I had ever dreamed of
puting in my vagina. I saw that they had to try on packs of sunscreen on
the same shelf, I took one of them and quickly screwed the lid, smeared a
dollop on top of deodorant  which was rounded and fine in the end and held
my breath. I squeezed the deodorant  into into me, it spanned so I thought
I'd crack but suddenly slid it in, completely, and I could feel my vagina
close it self.

It felt a bit strange to walk but after a few steps I noticed that I could
walk and move almost normally. I screwed the cap on the sunscreen and went
to the counter and bought it and a box of yellow Blend. The lady at the
counter looked at me suspiciously, wondering if I really would have
cigarettes? I nodded and said they were for a friend next door. She said,
Well, so say all, and looked sulky. Then I went out, and departed into the
atrium and felt deodorant  move at each step I took.

Sara sat next to the indoor fountain and waited, played with a cigarette
lighter but brightened up when I was walking. I noticed now after going a
bit that I have to try and squeeze the muscles for not deodorant n would
fall out, though it was actually quite easy. I had also begun to get used
to being naked under your shirt and walked easier than before.

- How did it go? Asked Sara.
- Well it went well, really good, by the way! I said and smiled and threw
the cigarette pack on the table in front of her ..
- Do you want it here and now?
- No, this shows us too much, we go into the toilet. She replied.

We went into the bathroom and I was leaning with my ass to the sink edge,
stuck a finger and tried to get it out, but it was stuck. I tried to sit
wide-legged squatting, jumping with feet wide apart, tuck my thumb and
forefinger in to get a grip, but all failed.

- You need to relax more. Said Sara. Lie down and relax all you can and
I'll see if I can get it out.

It was wet on the floor and smelled of old pee.

- Can't we take it somewhere else, this is disgusting place to lie down!
Did I say.
- Ok, we can sneak up to the grove, where it's probably no now during
school hours and we have a few minutes before the bells is calling.
- Sure. I said hastily, because now I was getting pretty worried that I
would not be able to get that thing out. I could really hear my mom yell at
me if I would need to go to the hospital to get it out.

We went as fast as we could without drawing too much attention because then
there were always those who were curious and followed and that was nothing
we wanted now. Once in the grove between the school and apartment building
area we hurried to the old tree house that some kids had built a few years
ago. It was rarely anybody there nowadays, but it was still in good
condition and there were an old broken sofa with cushions to sit on.

- Lie down and try to relax as much as you can and I'll see if I can reach
it with my fingers. Sara said.
- Ok, what is the best, on the stomach or on my back?
Sara thought for a second before she answered.
- I believe in the stomach, if we stack a few of the cushions so you can
hang with your knees.

I placed all four pads on each other and lay down on my stomach over them,
my knees hung a few inches above the floor and the body leaning forward,
but it was hard to relax because then I would lose balans.
- It's no good. I said to Sara. I can not be relaxed and keep balans
simultaneously.
- I'll fix it. Said Sara.

Then she searched around in the corner where there was a lot of wood
planks, cardboard boxes, old porn magazines and rope thrown away. She got
hold of a thick rope and a few pieces of board, the longer of the pieces
she ran solid in front of me between two large cracks in the wall that was
at an angle and said you can hold on to this, she would tie my feet so I
could remain stable without bracing myself. She took one of the narrow
ribs, she found and tied the rope, then she pressed out through a hole
where the wall board is not handed down to the floor and twisted it so that
it was locked in place when the rope was stretched. Then Sara took my right
foot and pulled it against the wall to the right of me and tied it there,
the rope was long enough to reach around a small tree trunk, which was used
as a pillar to brace the roof of the hut the first floor, and stood there
quite steadily After she pulled out my left foot to the left and tied the
rope around the ankle.

As I held the first board with broad middlemen so I lay very steady, with
wide between my legs and I felt when I relaxed my pussy lips parted by
itself. I concentrated on relaxing and trying not to think about anything
at all, and it went pretty well until I felt Sarah's hands touching me. She
parted my labia with one hand and tried to push a couple of fingers from
his other hand in side of me but I felt how i automatically contracted my
self, she pressed a little harder but I had managed to become quite dry and
it did not work.

- I have to get you to get wet again.

Said Sara, and started stroking me with a gentle hand, I could feel that my
body responded almost immediately. A slight tingling spread from my womb
and into the body, then I noticed that she leaned forward and licked the
lips of my vagina, spat into me and I became wet.

- Good, 'said Sara, keep that feeling and relax.

I could feel that she easily could get two fingers and stretched out the
opening, then a third finger, and a fourth. Sara had luckily quite small
hands and touched now the deodorant  bottle with her fingers but could not
get any real grip of it.

- just a little more now, it soon be over.

It stretched quite a bit now that she moved her hand and got even thumb in,
when the knuckles and thumb slid in with some resistance I screamed
involuntarily in pain, but I was wetter and knew that now she had their
whole hand inside me. She twisted and turned his hand to me and somehow
managed to get hold of the deodorant , but with the bottle in her hand, it
was too tight to pull it out. I felt that she put a couple of fingers from
his other hand and gently streached to get me to extend myself, it did
really hurt now, but at the same time exciting to know that the whole pussy
was filled to the edge of bursting. I bit my lip to not scream when she
slowly pulled out her hand with the deodorant  bottle gently but firm.

With a loud "plop" she got out and I felt I lost all power and just slumped
over the pads. The whole body shook uncontrollably and I was breathing
intermittently and irregularly exhausted though relieved that it was over.
Sara looked at me anxiously.

- How are you, are you okay?
I nodded as answer, though I was not sure that everything was ok, then I
pulled myself together and spoke, the voice was weak and feeble.
- I think it's okay, though I'm so tired that I can not move. It pounds a
dull pain in my pussy, but it does not really hurt anymore.

Sara looked a little ashamed, and shook her head as an inner dialogue.

- I think we quit this game now, what we do have somehow got out of hands
now ...
- NO! I do not want, I just need to rest a little while!
- Are you really sure you're okay?
- Hell, yeah!

My answer came out of me without me even had time to think. I tried to
slither back over the pads but the legs are still shaking too much for me
to do it. Sara helped me to a kneeling position where I still supported my
self on my hands against the cushions, while she untied the rope and
loosened my feet. When I was able to sit down i felt sore  and the pain
shot up in my belly. Then I saw that her hand was bloody, and it was my
blood, then I realized that I must have burst inside when she pulled out
the deodorant  bottle.

I was scared when I felt if I was bleeding a lot and half expected a big
puddle of blood on the floor when I looked down, but it was only a couple
of splashes and when I felt it was more pussy juice than blood on my
fingers. I searched and noticed that I was already fully contracted fixed
but very sore.

I put my hand on Sarah's shoulder and pulled her to me, then we hugged a
long time, we heard from the school that the bell rang, but we did not care
about it.

- Sara, it's all right with me, I might have cracked a little but it does
not bleed anymore so it can not be that bad. I would like to continue even
though we may have to take it easy for a few days, until I healed up
properly.

Sara nodded and I could see she was red in the eyes, she had cried for my
sake, that she was afraid she hurt me. I kissed her gently and held her.
Then we sat on the old couch cushions and looked through a window opening
which was against school, I had regained my panties, unused, at least. and
it was quite nice to have them on, even if it chafed a bit.

We agreed that when I was once again ready to take her mission, I would
come up to her and secretly give her my panties to her so that I was as
naked as I was before today.

It hurt to get home, and luckily there was nobody home. I had bled down my
panties and hurted like the worst menstrual pain. I fetched some new pads
and panties and went to bed. My mother had sometimes really bad pain when
she had her period so it was no wonder if I had it now ...

My little lie at home went well, mom even called the school and called me
in sick the rest of the week. A few days in bed was comfortable, well not
the first day that I had so much pain that I could not move, but then let
the pain and I was feeling better and better! The second day, I was still
sore and I dared not to put my finger to feel inside of me, but the third
day I did not feel so bad and I dared. It felt like a hard line along out
at the opening, probably a kind of scar after the crack, I assumed it would
take a few days before I was completely healed but the bleeding had
stopped, I had not had any infection and was just a little sore.


Part 4/5
Busted again!

When I have lain in bed these days, I had had time to think about what had
happened, when I was thinking clear and sensible, I could not understand
that I dared to do something so incredibly stupid and reckless, but when I
remained alone and played up all of it like a movie in my head, I longed to
continue the game with Sara! I felt so confused and my mind was all messed
up, but my feeling, the urge for an thrill was overwhelming.

The weekend we, my family and me, was up the country and celebrated my
grandmother who turned 71, she is old in body but in her head she is
spirited. Sometimes when we were alone, she tell me about her adventures
and romances, even a little portion embarrassing almost perverse things,
things she would never mention if my mother was nearby. I actually think I
know Grandma better than what mom does, though how well do I really my
mother?

On Monday morning I was up before my parents went to work, I longed for
Sara. I was in the shower when I heard them close the door and start the
car, Dad had been in a hurry, he had forgotten the razor on the counter
some thing he almost never did.

After the shower, I stood naked in front of full-length mirror in the
bathroom and looked at myself. My breasts were like small flat buns with
big nipples, really, they were not so great but the areola were as exalted
above the rest of the breast and the nipple was the size of a small
raspberry. I had started getting hips and buttocks but was still pretty
thin, almost anorexic! My vulva had swelled up a bit and was like a small
bun with it, in and of itself a fairly flat bun but with a few straggly
dark hair. likewise, it was under the arms, spiky and sparse hair that most
sticking to deodorant.

The idea that straight away there had been before, but then did not have
the razor lying there on the edge, still wet from the shower, I took a
little soap on my fingers and soaped my armpit again, took the razor and
scraped gently over the skin. After just a few strokes, I was smooth and
hairless under my arms, I liked the feeling. I looked down between my legs,
I felt over the sparse poor hairs that grew there, there would be more that
I knew but now it did not look any good I thought. I had started to become
a little vain about my appearance, especially my pussy, because I wanted to
be beautiful for Sara. I soaped me carefully and sat on the edge of the
bath and shaved my self,  carefully remove each hair until I was soft as
the baby's ass, I had been just a year ago.

After the shower, I had even time to eat breakfast, I never did normally. I
sat on the patio and ate toast and drank juice, looked out over the street
and saw a cigarette box that was there, it was yellow Blend, the same as
Sara smoked. The box looked like new, and I jumped over the fence and
retrieved it. When I was back on the patio, I opened the box, it was empty,
though it looked new. I emptied out some remaining tobacco flakes over the
lawn and went into my room where I added Sarah's panties to the empty
cigarette box, the panties I had borrowed that day out at the beach. They
smelled clean, a little soap, because I had not dared to put them in the
laundry but washed them myself.

I folded the panties neatly into a small package that fit perfectly into
the cigarette box. Felt on the soft skin under my dress, the skin that was
now relieved of all body hair. Then I took the bike to school, it was
already summer, and trees and shrubs began to turn green, the birds had
come back from their winter home, and I felt happy and excited over the
week would now begin.

I arrived on time to school, even had a few minutes before the bell rang. I
met Sarah at her locker which was only a few meters away from my own, she
stood with the "popular" girls and talked. I went up to her and held out
his cigarette case and said thank you for the loan! At first she looked a
little bewildered opened the box slightly and closed it again and smiled
and said, no problem, anytime!

Then I went off to my class , it felt like walking on clouds, and today I
was not a bit worried about walking around without panties. Maybe I should
have been there, but I felt invulnerable and happy!

Of the first class this day I remembered nothing, it was so uninteresting
that it was impossible to concentrate on it, instead I tried to figure out
what Sara could have the surprise for me. Hardly any new raid against
deodorant disk in the supermarket, but something she surely thought out
already. Then there was the one in which we would go away to ...

Then the bell rang and I tried to walk as quietly as I always had, but it
was difficult. I wanted to run out to the smoking area to meet her! Out in
smoking area Sara sat with Anne and Carita, they were going out to the
large beach across town, I heard how Sarah said she'd think about it but
she had some stuff she would do first. When I came up and said hello they
all looked up and said hello back. I sat down on the low railing which
framed smoking area and Anne offered me a cigarette, Blend menthol, I did
not usually smoke but I had done it a few times before and I knew she was
testing me after seeing me return a box cigarettes to Sara.

I took the cigarette and lit it on her lighter, took a couple of puffs and
managed to refrain from coughing. I said as casually.

- I usually do not like menthol but occasionally it's okay right?

I looked up and saw that Anne tried to look cool while she puffed her
cigarette, she held the smoke in her mouth for a while before she blew out
because it would not be too obvious that she was not particularly
accustomed to smoke. Bolstered by that do not feel any irritation in the
throat, I pulled a couple inhale to, thundered and half sat on the fence. I
knew then that I was in the gang, and those that basis was perceived as
tough and confident struggled to live up to the image of themselves and
were probably more scared than most of the kids in school.

Anne and Carita went in to get the right books to the next class, Sara and
I stood there and looked at each other. I was nervous to stand there and
not knowing what to say, I took a few deep inhale and burned me a bit on my
fingers and dropped the butt. It bounced out onto the tarmac and
automatically I took a step after the step on it, then I feel the nicotine
kick. It spins my head so I lose my balance, stepping on a round loose
pebble and fall over. I like sliding down on the ground while I turn to
receive hands down with my hands. I feel that I scrape my right high and
what's worse is that sprawling twigs from bushes framing the smoking area,
is stuck in the dress which is now pulled up over my belly button.

Quickly I get up and pulls down the dress and look around, there are still
quite a few out on the break though most are heading for the doors. I feel
myself blush, though certainly most of them never even noticed that I
slipped but if they saw me fall they would have see that I was stark naked
under the dress! I turned around and closed my eyes, it could not be true,
soon the whole school would know that I have shown my pussy on the
playground and I would be in big trouble!

On top, I felt bad, had pain in the buttocks and was incredible
embarrassed! In the distance I heard someone snickered but nothing more to
suggest that everyone had seen it. Giggles got louder and louder in my ears
until it just came from the right side, and I got a hug.

- I'm sorry I laughed, said Sara, but you looked so hilarious that I just
could not resist!

I gently opened the eyes again.

- Did many people see me?

- No, I do not think there were any, maybe Joakim in 9C, but who would
believe him anyway, that's just the kind of stuff that he goes around
saying all the time about all the girls!

I felt relieved, although I'm not entirely confident that I passed me from
such bloop, and if Jocke had seen me, he would soon share with the whole
school, though few would listen to him. There was almost no one who could
stand to listen to his perverted fantasies. What worried me was that he was
always the one who ran around and pulled up the dress or t-shirt for girls
in the hallway!

Apparently, Sara thought the same thought, quickly she pulled off her
panties and slipped them over to me.

- Take mine, if he saw you he will try to prove it to everyone when you go
to your locker! I have a pair in reserve in my locker. She smiled a knowing
smile. Someone gave me the one pair of panties in a box!

Fast but slightly less smooth I put on them. The school yard was nearly
empty and no one was around when we started walking towards the door and
into the cabinets. Once inside the hall was packed with people and we met
Jocke halfway to our cabinets, and Sara smoothly skip to the side and left
me between her and him. He had seen me and screamed triumphantly "see she's
naked!" And lifted my dress up high above belly button, almost up over my
breasts. Everyone could see that I had panties, pretty decent also. All
sighed and called him a fucking perverted moron! He became completely
furious, then he ran after Sarah, but he never caught up with her several
girls and boys took him down and tried to get him to stop with his strange
prank.

Meanwhile, we come to the cabinets and Sara took the package and went into
the bathroom to put on her panties.


Part 5/5
Exposed and found.

The rest of the school day, we took it easy, Jocke clearly had his eyes on
us and would have taken every opportunity to expose me if I had shown any
signs of being nude under the dress again. The last class  was over ten
past two and Sara was waiting for me at the moped.

- Are you ready to take the next assignment? She asked, carefully examined
my reaction.

I nodded and tried to look as if I just waited for her to ask me just that,
in fact, I had almost forgotten that I promised to accompany her and obey
her every whim.

- Okay, I have an extra helmet with me so we'll take my moped and head off
to my special place.

She smiled and handed the helmet to me, I hung the bag over my shoulder and
took me her extra helmet while she started her Monark Compact, the then I
sat astride the rack and we pulled away. We went pretty far away, first
through town and through the suburbs on the other side, then out of the
country towards the newly built airport. We drove past the airport and then
out over a bridge, out on an island, all the way until the road ran out.

Sara stopped her moped and said:
-Here we are! I'll just lock the moped first then I'll tell you what to do.

I looked around and saw only brushy forest, a resting place for those who
walked the nature trails in the area and a small parking lot for maybe five
or six cars, right now it was only one parked there. I walked over and sat
on the bench by table and waited for Sarah, I felt both nervous and excited
about what was to come.

- Listen now, this is what I want you to do, 'she said in a low voice.
First we go along the path up ahead, it goes out on a narrow point and is
perhaps one and a half kilometer long.

Meanwhile, she sat and picked with a plastic bag she had in the bag, took
out a white and green bag from the liquor store with something in.

- When we stop, you undress to naked and you should bring with you this
bag. It contains three ropes, they finished tied with loops for your feet
and hands and the other end is the hooks that you attach to the loops that
are at the top of a hill at the tip of the cape. You can not miss them,
they are red and sits in the mountain, in a triangle around a lot with
moss. The loop that is furthest out is for your hands, and it is the blue
rope and the other towards the path is for your feet for the white ropes.
At the bottom of the bag is a blindfold that you put on before you attach
your hands in the blue rope.

Sara looked at me, as if to see whether I understood what she said to me. I
nodded and felt his pulse rose, I remembered every right words and what
they meant.

Together we walked along the path, and after just a few meters we were
obscured by bushes, after about ten meters we stopped. I obediently took
off my clothes and gave them to her and took the bag with rope.

- A moment said Sara. And took out a red whiteboard pen. I'll just write
something on you.

She squatted down and wrote on my stomach, just above my pussy, she wrote
"fuck me, please!".

- So there! Now I sit and bathe my feet for half an hour or so, then I will
come and look to see how you are doing!

She smiled and I saw that she was excited, her cheeks were slightly red and
under the thin shirt fabric i could see how hard her nipples had managed to
become. Automatically I felt on my own which was so hard that it ached in
them.

I took a deep breath and started walking along the path, it had begun to
get quite green all over, some tired ants wandered across the path on the
way home to stack but yet there seemed no mosquitoes or flies. I was
thinking about the car that was parked and wondered if I would meet with
the owner here on the trail, wondering how he or she would react, if there
were more then one person, would they like to fuck me? I could hardly say
no, not with the text clearly visible above my pussy!

After a little while narrowing the edge off and I got close to the water, I
could look across the bay to the left and there I saw a naked man lying and
tanning, he could hardly see me because he was facing away from me, I could
clearly see his quite large dick and could not help that I felt wet between
my legs. Apparently he was the one who parked the car in the parking lot,
there was no houses here so close that he could have walked here I assumed
somewhat relieved. The rest of the walk, I went into an excited buzz,
fairly confident that I would not meet anyone on the trail.

When I arrived at the cape, I saw that there was a small cliff surrounded
by low shrubs on a couple of sides that sloped toward the water, but from
the trail and straight ahead was clear view and the moss vegetated hill was
very visible. Sara was right that I could not miss the loops, they were
placed a two and a half meter between each other in an equilateral
triangle. A little nervously, I looked around me but nobody appeared out on
the lake or at the beach on the bay.

I sat down on the hill, in the soft moss, and packed up the ropes and
blindfold, the moss was soft and warm and maybe a slightly damp. I put the
loops from the white ropes around my ankles and hooked secure the other
side of the ropes in steel loops who was trapped in the rock. I was forced
to part properly on my legs to the ropes would reach, almost in split. The
third rope I had already hooked in and pulled out as far as it went. I had
placed the double loop for my hands were in just within reach, and put on
the dark blue cotton band that was my blindfold. I had to grope for quite
some time before I got hold of the double loop, I coaxed into hands that
Sara had described and drew. Now I lay immovable, stretched and at mercy of
whoever came out to the cape, I felt an excitement that was stronger than
anything I had hitherto experienced. The sun was warm on my gender and my
heart pounded as if it wanted to burst my chest.

I had no direct perception of time anymore, but I would guess that I been
there at least half an hour and the initial excitement began to fade when I
heard footsteps. I was pretty convinced it was Sara who had come to see how
I followed her instructions and perhaps to annoy me a bit. I was therefore
a little surprised to hear a pattering sound firmly turned its steps
towards me, heart skipped a beat, it was not Sara! I had been fantasizing
about different scenario of how unknown people came and looked at me,
caressed me and even fingered me until I had felt how my own pussy juice
flowed down along my buttocks. I myself had felt the smell of my sex
juices, now had something else done it to and set track on me.

I had barely finished the thought before I felt a cold nose against my
labia and an unexpectedly warm tongue licked my juices, the nose went up
over my body and puffed in my face while I got a couple of hard little
sharp paws stood on my chest. It was only then that I understood what it
meant to do, something both hard, warm, slippery and soft pressed against
my pussy, pushed and coaxed. Suddenly, I felt it entering me, I tried to
pull me away but I was too well bound, the dog's cock filled me, thrusted
into me. When I hear a man's voice call for the dog and drag it from me,
the limb slips out of me with a loud plop and my pussy juice splashed
across my stomach, I hear myself groan of relief when it does.

- So that's what you want, laughing, his voice is a little sarcastic, I can
help you with that.

I feel his hand sliding over my breasts, down over my now sticky stomach
and down to my sex, his fingers playing between my labia and find my clit.
I jerk as if i had an electric shock, and groaning involuntarily of
sensation. Another finger slides into me and humping in and out
rhythmically while the first continues to massage my button, I get a
surprisingly strong orgasm, feel the muscles in my vagina squeeze his
finger in spasm. I can hear how I whimper like a puppy, but I is not at
first aware that it is me i am hearing. The dog is in front and tries to
lick me between my legs but gets pushed away by the man.

Then he pulls out his finger out of me and sticks it into my mouth, I lick
and suck them willingly. He was removing them from my mouth and I wonder
both excited and scared what he will do next. I hear a belt and zipper that
opens and understand that now is the time for me to lose my virginity for
real.

Again, I felt a hard soft limp that pressed against my pussy, it was much
bigger than the dog had been and hands pressed over my breasts felt heavy
and warm, his breath smelled strongly of cigarettes. Wet and excited as I
was, I opened myself to him and he pushed his cock into me, it was both
thicker and longer than I thought it would be. He slid into me inch by inch
until I thought he would burst me from inside!

Cautiously, he began humping, first slowly in and out, then faster and
faster, and each time he drove his cock into me he slid a little further,
until he reached the bottom of me! Again and again he bumped against the
bottom as he started to massage my nipples between his fingers, it was evil
and at the same time I felt a new and even more powerful orgasm building up
in me. I heard how I whined like an animal, then I moaned more and more,
finally when the orgasm was over me, I shouted out straight. My body's
reputation as the spasms and my vagina and squeezed the big cock again and
again! He placed his hand over my mouth to shut me up and slowed down the
tempo he fucked me in.

When my orgasm subsided, I felt that he probably approached his climax, he
fucked slower and eventually he stopped when he was so deep inside me as he
could get. I could feel small spasm in his penis and prepared myself for
him to come inside me, suddenly he pulled out and stood up. Second, after
he takes hold of my jaw and open my mouth abruptly. Before I had time to
protest, he drives his big stiff limb in my mouth and keep humping, he is
deep in the throat and I can hardly breathe. after only a few moments he
stops and pushes down the cock deep in my throat so that I almost pukes! I
feel the rhythmically spasm in his cock, the cum he sprays into my throat
and I swallow of pure reflex. The man presses his cock further down my
throat while it pumps out his sperm down my throat and I swallowed and
swallowed, suddenly I feel how his cock slide into my throat, deep down.
When I swallowed as I opened my throat for his cock and he could bring the
whole cock into my throat. It hurt and I had no chance at all to breathe,
his cock is still pulsing and I swallowed so as not to bring down his cum
in the lungs.

After what seemed like an eternity, though it was probably only half a
minute, he pulled himself out of me, I gasped and sucked in the air, and
soon began to become aware of the surroundings again, the dog sniffed
between my legs but was removed by the man. I hear a zipper that closes
again and steps to move away. I'm still breathing with some difficulty my
body shaking uncontrollably but after a while I can relax again.

I am alone with the sun and the exhaustion I feel after being brutally
fucked. I am so tired that I passes out  a short time, how long I do not
know but I wake up of a hand gently caress me over the breasts.

First, I feel the panic come, the man is back! Then I calm myself, the hand
is much smaller, softer and stir gently at me. I am reassured by the soft
caress, maybe it's Sara who come to me. The fingers caress me gently down
over my stomach and down to my vulva, sliding along the sensitive labia
outer contour down towards my vaginal opening and back up along the other
side. Soft but firm begins massaging my clitoris I draw quickly for breath
when it leaps to that of an electric shock in my clitoris.

I breathe heavier and it tingles in my womb, really I do not want to have
sex now but my body betrays me and horniness returns. The body is still
exhausted but my pussy is getting wet and my nipples stiffen until it
hurts. I feel the warm breath against my sex, then warm lips against my
lablia. An avid tongue searching for my clit, find it, lips closed around
it when an warm mouth slowly sucking it in. Tingle getting stronger and I
can not hold back a moan when it sends its electric shocks through my
abdomen.

When it came something both hard and soft that caressed up and down between
my labia it took me a few seconds before I understood that this was not
Sarah, it was a guy. No adult man like him with the dog but maybe a guy
maybe at my own age. I was just too excited to protest and I was close to
my orgasm when he penetrated me, he was careful and gentle when he, at
first, slowly and rhythmically fucked me. After a while, he ran faster
harder and deeper. I groaned each time he bumped into me, I was pretty sore
and swollen before and this was a pleasurable and delightful torture.

After a short time he slowed the pace, and he found my clit with one finger
and kneaded it thoroughly. I felt my body tightened up like a bow, and how
he pushed himself so deep into me as he could, then I exploded! I have no
idea if I screamed but I think I did. In the middle of my orgasm he filled
my vagina of something warm and I could hear him moaning with a broken
teenage voice. When the orgasm slowly subsided for both me and him, we fell
together, I'm flat on my back because I could not in any other way, and he
wrung like a dishcloth on top of me, panting as if he ran the marathon.

We lay so for a long while, then he whispered in my ear thanks and got up
and went. I lay there and felt it was hot in my pussy and my legs shook and
how something messy ran down between my buttocks. I was hoping that Sara
would come now, because it did not feel as if I could handle one more time.
After just a few minutes came as Sara, I recognized her by the way she
walked. When she came up to me, she sat down next to me and asked how it
was? I sighed exhausted, glad that she was back.

- It was ... exciting, exhausting though quite arousing, no very exciting!

She pulled off my blindfold and I squinted in the sun, after a few seconds
I could see her.

- Had you planned all this? I asked Sara.

- She shook her head, not exactly planned, but I've had it in mind since
that day on the beach. I did not think you would take offense that I
invited some one I know.

I looked at her, she blushed.

- No, maybe not, I said, though I must say it was a bit much considering
it's my first time.

Sara nodded.
- Yes, I suppose so, sorry that it took so long too. I had to pick him up,
and he's a little tired of the drugs so he was asleep when I got there.

- Is he sick?

- Yes, but there is nothing that is contagious, he is my cousin and he has
terminal cancer. Damn, he's only a year older than us!

Sara cried, her tears dripping down on me as she undid my rope. I realized
he was the cautious one who was so caring and grateful, must be her cousin,
and decided to say nothing about the man with the dog. When I was free I
massaged my arms and legs to get the circulation going again, Sara helped
me to his feet and we hugged when I come up in a standing position again.

- It's okay with me, he was very sweet to me and I'd love to meet him.

- I think he is a bit down the path, he can almost do nothing anymore. He
told me how sick he was just before we rode to the beach, and that he was
sorry that he would never be with a girl. I wanted to help him, do him the
service, but he would not do it with me because I am his cousin and friend,
it had to be someone else. Then I met you and then when I realized what
turned you on, I realized how I could help him.

I nodded and hugged her.

- You did the right thing, and now I want to meet him. Do you have my
clothes with you?

- Oh no, I forgot them in the moped down at the car park!

- It's okay, it's not like he's never seen me naked! I said and tried to
giggled a little. Let's go.

We just went a fifty meters until we came to some lying tree trunks, he sat
there and looked quite pale, dark long hair and a thin face. His eyes were
dark brown and looked so sad. He looked up and saw us both to come, I'm
naked with my arm around the waist of his cousin. He blushed a little on
the cheeks, had small red spots there in the pale face. I felt that way
with him, so young and yet he looked old.

Without saying a word, I went up and hugged him and sat beside him in the
trunk. He looked at me and asked if I was okay, I said it was good, he was
good and I was happy that it was he who came to me. Then I kissed him.

Sara said she would go get my clothes and I asked her to bring the moped to
us so he would not have to walk all the way back to the car park.

When sara gone, I asked him.

- Do you want to do it again with me?

He smiled, and said:
- Yes, but maybe not out here on the Cape, I can't anymore today but I
would love to be with you any other day.

I promised to come to him the next day, and I did. That summer, I was with
him almost every day, in the beginning we had sex quite often but as he got
worse, it was not very often, and we sat or lay most and held each other. I
still miss him, and when he passed away that autumn, in october, I cried
for a whole month. He was my first love, my greatest love and I'm proud to
been his. Sara and I stayed friends in the coming years but she moved out
of town by the middle of the summer 1978 and we were only together a couple
of times after that.

But I am grateful that she brought us together. That we got to be with each
other.


--- END of 1978 ---

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 86: tania-and-fran 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 5 Nov 2007 10:03:43 -0800 (PST)
From: August <gst_august@yahoo.com>
Subject: Tania and Fran

Tania and Fran
By August

Tania was 13 years old, and lived Orange County, CA.  She had a best friend
Fran for two years who was also 13.  They shared everything together.  In
their junior high school, they always went to the bathroom together.  Of
course there were separate stalls with doors, but pretty soon they went to
the toilet in front of each other at their homes.  They got their first
periods and developed at the same time.  Tania was 5 ft. 6 tall, had long
blonde hair, and wore a C cup bra.  Fran was Korean American, 5 ft 1, had
very short black hair, and only wore an A cup.

	One Friday night, Fran was sleeping over.  It was 2 a.m., and she
couldn't sleep. She looked over at Tania, who was in a deep sleep.  "That
bitch," she thought, laughing to herself.  She decided to wake her friend
up.  She shoved her, causing her to wake up slowly.  "What the fuck!" Tania
said, as she opened her eyes.  "I'm sorry, but I can't sleep."  Fran said.
Tania responded, "Oh, so you have to make me suffer?"  "I'm sorry," Fran
cooed.

	"Plus, I was having this really awesome dream."  "Really, what was
it?"  Fran asked.  "It was kind of weird.  I was naked in school, in front
of all the other kids and teachers.  They weren't naked though.  I could
tell that the boys had hardons , and the girls were totally looking too.
It made me feel ashamed, but excited at the same time."  Fran was turned on
by hearing this, imagining what Tania's dream was like.

	Then Fran said, "Tania, I have to take a pee.  Come with me."  "Oh
well, okay."  They walked into the bathroom down the hall.  Fran pulled up
her nightgown and pulled down her panties, and sat on the toilet.  Tania
was impressed by how much dark pussy hair she had, as she still had a
sparse amount of blond hair.  She casually let out a strong stream of piss.
After she wiped herself, Tania said, "Don't flush, I have to go too."

	After Tania was finished peeing, mixing their piss together, Fran
said, "Gee, it sure smells."  Tania said, "Well, maybe you should get a
better whiff."  She stood up, not bothering to wipe, and Fran stuck her
nose in the toilet.  Seizing the opportunity, Tania shoved her friend's
head in it, drenching her face and hair.  Fran came up with her face and
hair drenched, saying "You fucking bitch!"  "Well that's what you get for
waking me up."  The Fran said, smiling, "I'll get you."  She stuck her hand
in, and flicked some of the piss in Tania's face.

	They both laughed, and gave each other a hug.  Then they stared
into each other's eyes lovingly.  Tania started to stroke Fran's hair.
Then Tania gave Fran a kiss on her lips.  Fran kissed her back..  They
weren't sure what they were doing, but they knew it felt right.  They stuck
their tongues in each other's mouths, and started to make out.  Tania could
taste the piss from Fran's mouth, and she loved it.

	They pulled their nightgowns off, and started to kiss each other
all over.  They sucked and bit their newly developed tits.  They lay down
on the bathroom rug, stuck their tongues in each other's cunts and ate each
other out.  They were in Heaven.  They went to bed, naked, and each other's
arms.

	They woke up around 7 and kissed.  Tania said, "I have to pee
again."  Fran said, "Oh honey, please piss in my mouth."  Tania thought
that it was a strange request, but pretended that she was into it.  "I
thought you'd never ask."  The girl positioned her cunnie over her
girlfriend's face.  Fran opened her mouth wide.  It didn't take long for
her to release the nightly piss, and Fran caught most of it in her mouth.
She liked how hot it was.  She quickly swallowed it all..  "Oh Tania," she
said, "That was so fuckin' great."

		Then they switched positions, and Fran pissed in Tania's
mouth.  Tania choked a little, and spit out some of it.  "I'm sorry," she
said.  "That's okay," Fran said, and just licked it off the bed sheets.

	Then Tania had an idea.  "Fran, have you ever put anything inside
your pussy?"  "Like what?"  "Well, like a cold banana.  My mom froze some."
"Well, okay, I'll try anything at this point."

	They walked naked into the kitchen.  Tania liked watching Fran's
little ass in front of her.  She managed to get a look at her butt hole,
her favorite part, and she started rubbing her own pussy.  They opened the
fridge and took out a cold banana.  Tania peeled it, and started to lick it
and suck on it.  She wished that she really had a cock to fuck her with.  "
Tania said, "Get on your hands on knees."  Fran did as she was ordered, and
Tania started rubbing her friend's pussy with it.  Then she just went ahead
and quickly shoved it all in.

	Fran's hymen got broken by this, causing blood to spill all over
the banana.  "I'm sorry," said Fran.  "Don't be," and Tania licked the
blood all off.  Then she stuck the fruit back into the newly deflowered
cunt, and started pushing it in and out, first slowly and then faster.
Fran felt great pleasure from this.  "Oh yes!  Fuck me good!"

	Then Tania had another idea.  "Fran, pull your ass cheeks apart."
She was scared, but did as she was told.  Tania shoved the banana into the
girl's ass."  Fran screamed, and said, "Oh shit that hurts!"  "Oh well,
never mind."  Tania then pulled the banana out and started to eat it,
tasting the girl's pussy and ass.

	Then Fran started to feel adventurous.  "Tania honey, can I have a
bite?"  "Sure, it tastes great!"  At first the girl was reluctant to taste
it, after all, there could be some shit on it.  Then she just held her nose
and took the bite.  She was surprised to find out how much she loved the
taste.

	At that moment, Tania's 10 year old sister Jenna walked in.  "What
the heck are you doing?" she asked, horrified.  "Oh hi Jenna," Tania said,
not caring about her seeing them. "We were just fucking."  The little girl
asked, "Fucking?  What's that mean?"  Then Fran said, "We would tell you,
but it might be better if we show you.  Take off your nightgown."

	The girl felt a tingling in her private area for the first time in
her life.  She slowly pulled off her gown, revealing her flat chest and
hairless cunnie.  The teen girls liked what they saw.  Tania then said,
"Jenna, spin around.  I want to see your ass."  The girl did as she was
told.  "Now get on your hands and knees."  She did, and Tania took the
soiled banana.  She rubbed the cunnie with it.  Then she slowly inserted it
in.  The girl said, "Oh shit!  That hurts."  "Do you want us to stop?"
Fran asked.  "Uh no, you can still do it."

	The banana went in more and more, until it was all the way in.  Of
course Jenna bled all over it.  Then Tania started pulling it out and
pushing it back in, first slowly, and then faster and faster. The girl
exclaimed, "Oh sis, fuck me, fuck me more."  After ten minutes they all lay
on the floor naked.

	Then Fran looked at Tania and smiled.  Fran said, "Oh Jenna, do you
want to do something really wild?"  "More wild than fucking? Sure, I'd love
to."  The two friends got up, and squatted over her body.  They quickly let
out their streams of piss, all over her body and face.  The girl laughed
and rolled around.  She now had a new game to play with her friends.

		Later that night, when they were sleeping at Fran's house,
Tania had an idea.  "You know, since we're not old enough to drink yet, why
don't we create our own booze."  "What do you mean?"  Tania went into the
garbage and took out an empty wine bottle.  She made sure to wash it out,
so that no alcohol was left inside.  Still outside, she pulled up her
nightgown and pulled down her panties.  Fran was a bit worried, and said,
"Can't my neighbors see you?"  "Oh well, if they do we'll give them a hot
show.  She and stuck the bottle by her pussy.  Without much hesitation, she
pissed in the bottle, filling up one third of it.  She covered up and
handed the bottle to Fran.  The Asian girl didn't feel quite as
adventurous, so she just put the bottle under her nightgown and pulled her
panties aside.  She then filled the bottle up to the halfway point.

	They went inside to the kitchen, and took down two wine glasses.
Then they filled their glasses to the rim.  Tania said, "Cheers!" and they
clinked them together.  Then they both took a sip of the collected piss.

Then Tania said, "You know what would be really hot?  If we could gargle
the piss before we swallowed it.  I'll go first."  She took a big swig, and
put her head back.  She gargled really loudly, and then swallowed it all.
Then Fran did the same. Tania burped really loud, and they both laughed.

After they were done drinking it all, Fran said, "Oh shit, lets go into my
bedroom."  "I thought you'd never ask."  They ran in, and pulled off their
nightgowns , bras and panties.  They started making out, and feeling each
other all over.  They got into a 69, and ate each other out.  Then Fran
said, "Okay, it's my turn to suggest something."  "Anything honey."  "I
want you to eat my ass out."  Tania seemed puzzled.  "Eat your ass?  But
what about, you know, your shit?"  "Oh, we already did it on the banana.
Plus, don't you think I wipe myself well?"  "Well I suppose."  Fran lay on
her belly, and pulled her cheeks apart, exposing her butt hole in all its
glory.

Tania looked at it, but hesitated.  Fran grew impatient, and commanded, "Do
it!" That was just the sort of encouragement the girl needed. She slowly
stuck her tongue out and edged towards the hole.  She held her nose, and
touched her tongue to it.  Fran said, "Mmmmmm, that feels good already."
Tania started to swirl her tongue around, and she enjoyed the feeling.
Then she started eating it out, just like when she ate her pussy.

Then they switched around, and Fran ate out Tania.  Tania let out a small
fart, and they laughed again.  Then they kissed each other, tasting each
other's ass on their lips.  As they were kissing, they both pissed on the
floor.  They lay down on the puddle, and continued making out.

Tania said, "Halloween is coming up.  I have a fantasy that we could invite
a bunch of girls over, including Jenna and her friends, and have them all
piss into a punch bowl.  Then we would all bob for apples in it!"  "Mmmmm,
that sounds like fun."

Fran took another look at her friend's naked body.  "Tania, you're so
beautiful."  "You're beautiful too.  Except, your tits are kind of small."
Fran jokingly said, "Oh fuck you.".

Tania then said, "There's something else I want to try."  She positioned
herself with Fran in a scissors pose, pussies touching each other.  They
started grinding on each other.  "Oh fuck," Tania exclaimed, "This was a
good idea."  After five or so minutes of this, they both started to cum.
It was the first time that Fran ever felt this.  They both started
convulsing and wetting their cunts with pussy juice.  When they came down,
Fran said, "Fuck, you were right."  They kissed again.

Fran wanted to say something, but almost didn't have they nerve.  Finally
she said, "Oh Tania, I love you."  They kissed.  "I love you too. Fran."
This was the beginning of their new relationship, filled with love,
lovemaking, and most of all, pissing.


************************************************************************

For comments, questions, and to get on my mailing list, write to August:
gst_august@yahoo.com


http://mail.yahoo.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 87: the-club 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2003 10:56:09 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: The Club (Young Friends f/fffff)

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between teenaged girls.  If this type of
content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read
it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded
for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you
wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author
for permission.

Copyright 2003 Jan, All Rights Reserved.

Please mail to janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future stories.


                                  The Club
                                    By
                                   Jan


	Becky was the new girl in town.  Her family had a nasty
habit of moving a lot.  Her father was a heavy equipment
operator, so they tended to move to where they needed someone
capable to handle big earthmovers.  She never seemed to make
friends that lasted very long.  This time they were renting a nice
home in Phoenix, AZ.

	The one thing you need in that town is a good air-
conditioner year round.  Swimming pools are almost a must just
to keep from feeling like a melting candle.

	The first day they moved in a dark haired girl about the
same her age, that lived next door came over and introduced
herself to Becky.  Here name was Denise.  Her hair was pulled
back into a ponytail and her dark eyes sparkled.  She was a
slim, attractive girl.  She invited Becky over to use her
swimming pool until they were settled in and the water in their
pool was checked to make sure it was save.

	Becky figured that she was going to like this girl because
she was so friendly.  She even pitched in and helped carry in
boxes.  The two girls unpacked the stuff in her bedroom and put
them away.  Of course the girl was checking out the clothes as
they were hanging them up or putting them in her dresser
drawers.  Becky was not fast enough to stop her from opening
the box she had packed her personal stuff.  There were clothes
on top, but under the clothes were things she never let anyone
see.

	Denise opened a shoebox expecting to see some shoes.
Becky stood there with an embarrassed look on her face as the
girl saw what was there.  Denise saw a few packs of cigarettes a
latex rubber battery powered dildo.  There was a string of
plastic beads with a ring on one end.  Denise knew what they
were for.  Before she closed the box and handed it to Becky she
picked up the dildo and smelled it.  She could smell the latex
but she could also smell the odor of pussy juice.  She figured
that it was Becky's aroma.

	As she closed the box and handed it to Becky, Becky's
mother came in with two tall glasses of iced tea.  Becky sat the
box down quickly.  Her mother asked Denise again what her
name was and asked if she was always so helpful?

	Denise assured her that she was always ready to give a
friend a hand when they were in need.  She gave Becky a quick
smile.  The girls sat down on the unmade bed and drank the tea.

	When they were alone, Denise told Becky that she was
glad that she was as horny as she was.  Becky was relieved that
the girl was not a square.

	Denise asked her if she would like to join the club she
belonged too.  Becky asked what kind of club it was.  Denise
told her it was a small group of girls she grew up with that got
together regularly to have a little fun with each other.  The
smile told Becky that they were her kind of girls.

	When Denise asked if she had ever had sex with girls or
women, Becky told her that she had experimented with other
girls before.  Under some pressure she told her about some of
the girls she had played with.  She even told Denise about the
time that a woman made a pass at her in the bathroom of a
movie theater.  She told her that she went home with the
woman and spent a couple of hours having sex with her.

	An aroused Denise pressed for all the details.  Becky told
her what the woman looked like and what she wanted to do her
when they got to her house.  As Becky was telling her about her
sexual adventures Denise was rubbing her crotch.

	Denise suddenly said, "Why don't you come over to my
house tonight and we can use our pool before we go to bed."

	Becky thought it was a good idea and agreed, if it was Ok
with their mother's.  Denise ran into the kitchen.  She blurted
out, "Mrs. Roberts can Becky spend the night at my house?"

	Mrs. Roberts smiled and said, "That is so sweet of you.
Are you sure your mother won't mind the company?"

	"I am sure, but I can ask right now.  Come with me and I
will introduce you to my Mom."

	They walked to the front door of the house next door and
went right in.  Denise shouted out, "Mom.Where are you?"

	"I'm in the kitchen Honey!"

	Mrs. Roberts and Becky followed the girl to the kitchen.
The woman was cooking.  She was chopping vegetables as the
house was being filled with the smell of cooking chicken.

	Denise introduced Mrs. Roberts to her mother and told
her that this id Becky, she is same age as me.  She asked if it
was OK if Becky spent the night with her.

	Her Mom responded, "That would be very nice."  Then
she said to Mrs. Roberts, " In fact it we would be happy to
make dinner for all of you, so you don't have to worry about
cooking to night, while your moving in."

	Mrs. Roberts said, "We can't impose on you like that."

	"That would be no imposition.  I can make dinner for all
of us in no time."

	Mrs. Roberts thanked her very much and said, "What
time would you want the three of us to come over."

	Denise's Mom said, "I will have everything ready in
about an hour, with Denise's help.  Don't worry about cleaning
up.  I know how it is when your unpacking."

	Mrs. Roberts and Becky left Denise to help her mother
and tell her husband that they would be eating with the
neighbors in an hour.  They continued to unpack until it was
about time to go next door.  They washed their faces and hands
before going next door.

	The six of them sat down to a nice meal.  The Roberts
family had nothing but praise for the meal.  As the adults
chatted the girls went to Denise's bedroom and changed into
bikinis.  The two of them got their first look at each other's
naked bodies.

	Becky took in her new dark haired friend's body with
approval.  Her new friend was a mix of French and Mexican
heritage.  Her hair was very black and straight.  Her skin was a
golden brown.  Her eye color was a mix of brown and green.
The lips were full and naturally dark.  Her figure was full for a
fifteen-year-old.  The breasts were a full 36- C cup.  The hips
were round and the pubic brush was dark.  The hair was
trimmed close and shaved to fit inside a bikini.  The legs were
straight and looked nice.

	Denise found her new friend no less attractive.  They
were about the same height.  Becky's hair was straight.  The
color was a light brown with light streaks in the pageboy cut.
Her eyes were colored a bright blue.  The nose was a turned up
button that looked like a doll's.  The lips were full and her
lipstick was just the right shade of pink.  OH!  She had a light
dusting of freckles on her nose, shoulders chest and back.
Becky's figure was just on the full side.  She looked like she
still had a little baby fat.  The breasts were almost as large as
Denise's and a true turn-on.  They had an upturned shape and
her areolas looked like little tits or caps on top of her breasts.
Her legs were long for her body.  The soft swell of her pubis
had brown pubic hair that was shaved into a V.  It looked like
the chrome symbol on cars for a v-eight engine.

	The thing that caught Denise's eye was the tattoo just
above the bikini and on the left.  It was the red, white and blue
skull of the Grateful Dead.  She reached out and touched it.

	"Are you a Dead Head?"

	Becky, "Yes!"

	"How did you get it."

	Becky, "I asked my mother to go with me and she helped
me pick it out.  She is cool.  She filled out the permission slip
for me."

	Denise, "My mother would never let me do that."

	After tying the strings of the bikinis they went out to the
pool.  It was dark by now and the only light was coming from
the lights in the pool and the stars.

	While they were changing Mrs. Roberts had helped wash
the dishes while the men talked.  They excused themselves
afterwards so they could finish making their bed and clean up
for the night.

	The girls were quietly talking until they saw the lights go
out in the bedroom of Denise's parents.  Even though it was
after eleven at night, it was still warm.  It was still in the
eighties.  As they got out of the pool and dried off before going
to Denise's bedroom.

	They took off their bikinis and hung them over the
glassed in shower.  They brushed their teeth and went to bed.
They were both still naked.  As they pulled the sheet back and
lay on the bed Denise was the first to move to the foot of the
bed and plant her face between the legs of her new friend.

	Becky was lying there with her head propped up by the
thick pillows looking down at the dark hair.  She told Denise
about that woman from the movie house sucking her cunt in
graphic detail.  Denise was using her tongue on Becky's clit
and cunt the way Becky was telling her the woman had done.
Becky didn't climax until Denise reached between her legs and
shoved a finger deep into her asshole the way the older woman
had done to her.

	When they changed places Becky asked her to tell her all
about the girls in their club.  Denise started stroking Becky's
hair as she held her head tightly against her cunt.  Denise
started telling her all about how the five of them.  They had
grown up with each other.  The five were Mary, Rita, Ruth,
Tina and herself.  They met in pre-school and have been best
friends ever since.

	She told about how they started off at an early age
kissing each other like they saw older girls kissing their
boyfriends.  Then how they found it exciting to undress and feel
each other's bodies.  They found out that they enjoyed playing
with each other's pussies.  By the time they were about eight-
years-old they were kissing each other's pussies.  They learned
all about oral sex.

	She said, "We have only had sex with one another until
last year.  Ruth was the first to have sex with a woman.  Her
father's younger sister worked for an advertising company in
New York City.  She was coming to Phoenix with her company
to do a photo shoot.  She called so that she could visit her
brother and family while in the area."

	"She agreed to stay with them while in the area.  The
aunt was so exciting to talk too.  She had stories about how
neurotic the models were.  She was telling her how the girls
starved themselves to stay thin and lived on speed to burn off
what hey ate.  They were wired all the time.  She agreed to take
Ruth on a photo shoot with her."

	"Rather than sleep on the couch she agreed to sleep with
Ruth.  Her aunt slept in the nude, so Ruth did the same.  Ruth
said that it was so exciting to listen to all the stories about the
models.  It was almost tragic that the girls would become so
rich by twenty and by twenty-five they would look like thirty-
five and be too old looking to be high paid models anymore.
Only a few would make it in other industries.  So many of them
would wind up on drugs broke and on the streets sucking cocks
for there next fixes."

	"As her aunt cuddled up against her back and told her all
about the advertising life, she slowly reached around her body
and cupped her breasts.  She used her long fingers to toy with
her naked nipples.  Ruth said she almost pissed when her aunt
ran her hand down her body and stuck a finger into her cunt."

	"Ruth said she turned over to face her aunt and kiss her.
The aunt was very good at kissing.  While she was putting her
tongue in her mouth she sucked the breath out of her lungs."

	"Her aunt got out of bed and returned with a battery-
powered dildo much like the one you have.  She got in bed and
wet it by rubbing it between her own cunt lips.  Then she put
the tip in Ruth's cunt and turned it on to slow speed and pushed
it into Ruth's cunt.  Ruth said it hurt when she pushed it
through her hymen.  She said her aunt turned the speed up a
notch and she forgot all about the pain.  Just before she
climaxed her aunt turned it up to full speed.  She went stiff
when she climaxed.  When her aunt took the tool out she saw
the blood on it by the moonlight.  She licked it clean and then
turned to lick and clean the youngster's cunt."

	"The aunt did take her on some photo shoots.  The
models fell in love with her and wanted to taste her cunt so
much that the photographer had to asked her aunt not to bring
her anymore.  When she left to go back to New York she gave
Ruth the dildo."

	"Now the five of us bring a couple of C-sized batteries
whenever we play because we deplete three or four pairs of
batteries every time we are together.  By the time she was about
to finish her story Becky shoved her finger up Denise's asshole
and she came in Becky's mouth.  They cuddled in each other's
arm as they drifted off to sleep."

	In the morning Denise called the girls and told them
about her new neighbor.  They were all very anxious to meet
her.  Becky had to help unpacking first.

	They got dressed and ate breakfast.  Then the two of
them went next door and stated helping unpack.  One by one
the girls came by to help.  The work went by fast with the six
girls helping.  Just the same they were all tired and decided to
meet the next day to welcome Becky into the club.

	The next day one by one they showed up at Becky's
house.  They told Mrs. Roberts that they were taking Becky out
to breakfast to welcome her to the community.  Mrs. Roberts
told them to have a good time.  Becky got her bicycle out of the
garage and the six girls headed down the road.

	They headed to the home of one of the girls.  It was
Tina's home.  Tina was the smallest girl in the group.  She was
a slender girl.  She was the least confidant of the girls because
she was not as developed as most girls her age.  She looked
more like a twelve-year-old than a girl of fifteen.  Her hair was
cut short and was very blonde.  Her eyes were a blue-green
color.  The face was almost square shaped.  Her face looked
very strong, with the square jaw.  Her breasts were no more that
little bumps on her chest.  The size of her areolas was the only
giveaway that someday her breasts would be of pride to the
insecure girl.  She still had the hips of a boy and her pubic
mound was sprinkled with blonde hair that was hardly visible.

	The reason they always met at her house was because her
father worked in foreign countries for long periods of time and
was hardly ever there.  Her mother was always at the country
club.  Another reason was because the house was so large that
the swimming pool had it's own separate guesthouse.  It was a
two-bedroom home with everything built in.  They could meet
there and lock the door.  It had a doorbell set up so that it would
sound an alarm them if the doors to the main house were
opened.  Should her mother come home unexpectedly, they
could get dressed before she started looking for them or simply
dive in the pool.  It was normal for all five of them to be in the
pool naked.

	When they got to Tina's home they went to the pool right
away.  All the girls were quick to strip and dive in the pool for a
fast skinny dip.  Becky asked if that was wise.  They told her
that Tina's mother knew that they swam naked all the time.  In
fact if she come home it is best to just dive in the pool.  She has
grown accustom to finding us that way.

	The girls were quick to check out the tattoo on Becky's
body and touch it.  Of course they also let their fingers dip into
the valley of her sex for a quick feel.  That allowed them to
smell their fingers too.  They all must have like her smell
because they all winked at each other.

	Mary said, "It is our turn to welcome her into their little
club.  Denise has already known you."

	Rita said, "That's right.  You just sit there, Denise and
watch as the four of us find out if she is someone that we want
to become one of us.  Remember we had decided years ago that
we only wanted the five of us in our club.  We felt that if too
many knew about us, someone would eventually talk."

	The brazen girls placed a mattress from a chase-lounge
on the pool deck.  Mary was obviously the one in charge as she
told the others what to do.  They placed their new club
candidate naked on her back.  Becky prepared herself to take
the four new girls into her life.

	Mary was a true redhead.  Her hair was absolutely golden
in the sun.  The wavy hair caught the sunlight and reflected it
like red glass.  Her skin was very pink.  You could almost see
the blood flowing through her body.  Her breasts were very
attractive ovals with very pink areolas and large nipples.  The
rest of her body would make a movie star jealous.  The pubic
hair was very pinkish-red.

	Rita was another dark skinned girl.  She was an Italian
mix.  Her hair was dark but had a reddish cast to it.  She was
very proud of her hair.  The waves cascaded down her back so
long that she could actually sit on it.  The thick eyebrows
shaded the dark sockets with the soulful brown eyes.  Her
breasts were as full as Mary's but were capped with brown
areolas.  Her pubic hair was black and straight.  She brushed it
and sprayed it with hair spray every morning so that it all
pointed to her clit.

	Mary instructed her to take charge of the left tit.  Rita
knelt beside Becky and took hold of the tit.  She placed her full
lips over the areola and sucked the nipple like a pro.

	Ruth was from a southern family that was a mix of Irish,
English and Dutch.  Her hair was brown and only had a slight
wave.  She kept it pulled back into a ponytail like Denise.  She
had a long straight English nose and thin lips.  Her breasts were
just average for her age.  Her legs were long and the pubic
bulge was covered with brown hair, trimmed short and shaved
into a three inches long strip above her crack.

	Mary told her to get busy with the right tit.  She moved to
the right side of Becky's body and lay on the concrete so she
could get close to her work.  Becky felt the girl's hot breath on
her breast, before she started sucking the nipple.

	Tina was the childish looking one.  Mary told her to be
the first to suck Becky's pussy.  She fit nicely between Becky's
legs.  She used her hands to open the vagina so she could see
what Becky's pussy looked like.  She was very skilled at
sucking pussy.  She opened her mouth wide and sucked in air
so that the labia flapped against the walls of her mouth.  The
vibration drove Becky to distraction.

	Mary knelt over Becky's head.  She straddled her face
and lowered her cunt to the open mouth.  Becky smelled the
strawberry haired pussy and loved it.  She drove her tongue in
the gapping hole and did everything in her power to make the
redhead cum.  Once Mary did cum she made the announcement
that everyone should move one place to the left.

	That moved Tina to the right tit.  Rita moved to Becky's
head.  Mary moved to the left tit.  Ruth moved to the pussy.
Everyone went back to sucking.  This time Becky climaxed in
Ruth's mouth.

	Then the move to the left again.  Mary was an expert at
sucking pussy.  She used her long tongue to make Becky buck
her hips.  When she lifted her butt off the mat, Mary stuck a
finger in her asshole.  She wiggled it until Becky climaxed
again.  Becky was exhausted when they once again all moved to
the left.

	Rita was a little devil.  Every time Becky tried to fall
asleep or divert attention away from her initiation Rita bit her
clitoris.   This time it was Tina that climaxed first.  But Rita
didn't stop sucking and biting until Becky's poor clit was
swollen and inflamed and she climaxed one last time.

	When the girls released her and stood up, Becky was so
exhausted that she could not hold her water. ( its your choice of
course dear but I would exclude this next passage)  She let go
with a runny bowel movement that covered the mattress with
her shit. She started peeing like a fountain.  It arched high in the
air and splashed on her feet.  The girl's thought it was great that
she was so spent.  They helped her up and figured it would be
faster to just wash everything down the deck drain with a
garden hose.  When Becky was clean they all got in the water
and everyone hugged her and kissed her on the mouth as they
each welcomed her into the club.


I hope you enjoyed the story and have a story you would like
told please send your mail to janmay699@icqmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 88: the-coven 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Wed, 12 Dec 2001 22:17:17
From: Candy Kane <rytr33@hotmail.com>
Subject: THE COVEN by Candy Kane [fff+]

WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you,
or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

THE COVEN By Candy Kane

Night fell quickly as I moved at a steady pace along the seldom-used trail.
The thick elms and sugar maples darkened in the twilight, their shadows
turning from charcoal to coal.  I wrapped myself tightly in my cloak against
the late September chill, pulling its hood further down over my face.  It
was the autumn of 1692, and the evening brought a chilly reminder that an
early winter was on the way, one this fifteen-year-old girl didn't relish.

In the distance, I heard the screech of an owl beginning his nightly hunt.
The wind swept the tops of the tall poplars like a witch's hand; the scent
of a few remaining fall flowers mixed with damp decay and hardwood.  My
small lantern gave an eerie glow, barely lighting the path leading me deeper
into the dark woods.

Despite the chill, I felt warmth growing inside me.  My heart raced with
anticipation at what lay ahead.  There were eight of us: all girls from
Salem and the surrounding villages who met at  the rising of each full moon.
  Deep in the forest, hidden by rock, thick brush and sweeping evergreens we
came together to celebrate our sisterhood in the Coven.

Soon, the darkness was eternal; the wind moaned a haunting lament around me.
  Spiny branches nipped at my cloak and boney roots reached up to trip me.
It had been almost an hour  since I left Salem, but I was finally getting
close.

"Bridget?  Is that you?"

I heard a soft voice call from up ahead.  I recognized Ann, the sweet girl
from a village to the north.

"Yes, it's me," I said.  My pulse quickened as I recalled only a month ago
helping to initiate Ann into our small group of girls.  She was eleven, the
youngest and newest member of the  Coven.  Tituba, our black sister, had
brought Ann into the sisterhood during the summer while caring for her while
Ann's parents were away on a long trip to Boston and New York.  Ann  had
proven to be a delicious and incredibly eager choice; her passion for
sisterhood pleasure was unquenchable, and I could not wait to share it with
her again.

Ann burst from the shadows, running to me and throwing her arms around my
neck.  "I have so yearned for you, Bridget," she said breathlessly.  Her
eyes filled with tears of joy.

"And I, you."  I trembled as I covered her hungry mouth with mine.  She
tasted of cinnamon.

Pressing into me, Ann whispered, "Each night I dreamed of you.  It has been
so hard waiting for tonight."

"Wait no more," I said, brushing the brown hair from her small, round face.

She sighed, her breath warm on my face.  "I grow moist in anticipation," she
said shyly, obviously embarrassed at speaking of such things.

I too felt a tingle in my belly and an itch between my legs knowing that
soon she would be dancing naked before me in the glow of the fire as she
offers herself completely.  I took her face  in my hands.  "You make my
heart flutter, little one," I said, kissing her softly.

Then we walked up the trail hand in hand until we came to a high rock cliff.
  We found a well-hidden, narrow space that we squeezed through and entered
the protected clearing of our  secret place.  I was the last to arrive and
smiles greeted me as each of my Coven sisters came to kiss and embrace me.

First, there was Martha, a timid girl of fifteen with large mysterious eyes;
her hair was worn in beautiful golden braids.  Her tongue slipped across my
lips like the flutter of a butterfly as her  eyes sparkled with mischief.  I
craved her talented tongue on my nether lips.

Then there was Abigail.  She was a twenty-year-old blond from Holland who
had enormous breasts that begged to be suckled.  She pressed them into me
like soft feather pillows and my  mouth watered at the thought of making her
nipples grow hard in my mouth.

Sarah came next.  She was sixteen with delicate, porcelain skin and flaming
hair.  Her Irish blood made her passionate and vocal when we shared the
pleasures of sisterhood.  She gave  me a wink and a naughty smile.  I could
not wait to hear her cry out in ecstasy.

Rebecca followed.  She was sixteen, small and tomboyish.  She liked me to
lick her from behind, and she had a fascination with my bottom, spending an
eternity sniffing and licking it.

Susanna was next.  She was fourteen, and had the face of an angel, pure
innocence.  Susanna had been a member of the Coven for over a year, and
considering the enthusiasm she  showed at pleasuring her sisters, she was
definitely not innocent.  She particularly liked sucking toes and licking
underarms.  I had never considered those things until Susanna.  Now, we all
made them part of our lustful rituals.

Finally, Tituba wrapped her chocolate arms around me, her dark skin smelling
of spices. Tituba was the oldest- twenty-two-, the one that had brought us
all together, teaching us the ways of sisterhood love, and the forbidden
pleasures only women can share.  I'll never forget the first time I parted
her legs and tasted brown sugar.

"My sweet Bridget," Tituba said.  She gave me a passionate kiss.  Then she
turned to the small group of girls.  "Now that we are all here, let us
begin."

We gathered wood to build our fire, stacking it in a tight cone shape.  With
flint, Tituba ignited the kindling until the orange flames licked at the
thick branches.  They reminded me of our ravenous tongues licking each
other.  As I watched the fire grow, Ann came from behind, wrapping her arms
around me.  She rested her chin on my shoulder.  Ann was such a sweet,
affectionate girl.  I wanted to pull her to the ground and pleasure her
right then and there, but I knew that patience was a virtue.  The exotic
mixture of Tituba's special brew, the consuming  heat of the fire, and the
intoxicating sight of our bodies dancing naked under the stars would make
our orgasms numerous, intense, and so worth the wait.

Once the flames blazed and the heat warmed our faces, we knelt in a circle
around the fire, chanting prayers to our father the moon, our mother the
earth, the stars that guide our way, and the goddess of love that lives in
the moist temple between our legs.  We asked that she sweep us away tonight
in a tide of female passion.  Tituba led the ritual prayers, our chants
growing louder and stronger.  Tituba had set up a small caldron beside the
fire to heat her brew.  As we chanted, she carefully added the secret
ingredients: mushrooms, roots, herbs, berries, and a  bit of ground up
animal bones.  She stirred it slowly, her lips forming silent incantations.

I looked up once to see Ann smiling at me through the flames.  I could tell
from the sparkle in her eyes that her body burned with desire.

Tituba dipped a small cup in the brew and passed it first to Martha who
sipped.  Martha then passed it to Abigail who took the next drink.  The cup
went around the circle back to Tituba.  She dipped it into the steaming dark
liquid and passed it around again.

Soon, I hear a wispy flute as Rebecca started playing a haunting melody.
The jingle and pop of the tambourine followed as Sarah accompanied Rebecca's
song.

My head spun, filled with bright rainbows and wonderful visions.  I let my
cloak drop to the ground as I stood, stretching my arms over my head,
feeling that I was floating.  I turned slowly, letting the heat of the
flames warm me.  I tingled with excitement; my body came alive with
sensations of wanton desire.  I needed to touch soft skin, and be touched by
eager fingers, to kiss sweet lips, lick tender moist folds, and suck hard,
arroused nipples.  I watched the other girls twirl and twist, moving to the
beat of the tambourine and flute, and the accompanying crackle and pop of
the flames.

The heat grew, both from the burning wood, and the fires of passion inside
me.  I unbuttoned my blouse, pulling and tugging it off along with the other
layers of dress and garment.  I caught glimpses of my sisters doing the
same; their naked skin becoming exposed and glistening with sweat in the
firelight.  Soon we were whirling and singing, moving from one another,
embracing, laughing, and kissing.

I was naked, my skin shimmering like quicksilver.  I felt arms wrap around
me from behind.  Ann giggled sweetly as her small bare breasts pressed into
my back.  Her hand went to my nipple while her other slipping down my belly,
her fingers playing with my short curls before pressing between my legs.  I
yelped with joy knowing it was she.

Ann kissed my neck while she rubbed my vagina, working her fingers to open
my lips before sliding inside me.  Ann moaned in my ear when she discovered
the creamy wetness engulfing her finger.  I pushed my bottom back into her
feeling her curly bush on my ass.  She was so wet.

I reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart, working my fingers between
them, exploring the moist valley in search of her tender rosebud.  Then I
realized lips were kissing my fingers; another girl knelt behind Ann licking
her ass.  Suddenly, there was a warm, wet mouth on my vagina.  I looked down
seeing Abigail on her knees, kissing my opening.  Her tongue fought with
Ann's fingers to enter and pleasure me.

The clearing filled with moans and giggles, high-pitched squeals and yelps.
I saw Tituba lying on her back, a bed of discarded garments beneath her.  On
top of her with her head between Tituba's legs, Susanna lapped at our black
sister opening while Tituba hugged Susanna's hips, kissing and licking her
bottom, feasting on delicate flesh.  Across the clearing, Rebecca's flute
sang with passion as Sarah dropped down and buried her face between
Rebecca's legs.  I knew now that it was Martha who was behind Ann.  Above
the crackle of the flames, I heard slurping and sucking of hungry mouths.

I turned my head so I could kiss my sweet Ann, my tongue darting into her
small, warm mouth.  The four of us sank to the ground, our cloaks and gowns
making a soft bed.  I was on my back feeling my legs being spread by
Abigail.  Ann was on top of me, our breasts pressed tightly, and Abigail was
licking us both.  Martha had moved around behind Abigail to lick her bottom.

I pulled Ann up until she straddled my face.  Then I stuck out my tongue and
tasted her fresh, young sex.  A shudder ran through me as her thick honey
dripped into my mouth and her fragrance filled me with desire.

"Oh, Bridget," she said over the roar of the fire.  "I've wanted your
attentions so badly."  In a whisper only I could hear, she mouthed the
words, "I love you."

My eyes smiled back at her as I reached up and caressed her breasts,
pinching her nipples.  They grew rigid as she leaned her head back, closing
her eyes, running her fingers through her hair.  I was infatuated with this
tiny nymph and wanted so much to bring her to orgasm.  As I ran my tongue
between her nether lips lapping up her cream, my nose rubbed her clitoris.
Like her nipples, it grew hard, emerging from its protective hood looking
like a precious pearl.  I drew it between my lips and flicked it with the
tip of my tongue, then sucked it hard.  Ann's small frame shook violently as
she squeezed my head between her legs and let out a cry.  The orgasm racked
her body and she started to collapse forward.  I helped her slide back down
my body until she was lying on top of me.  She left a wet trail between my
breasts and down my tummy.  Tituba's brew heightened my lust and I felt like
Ann's skin was part of mine. I spread my legs wide pushing Ann's apart so
Abigail could lick us both.  Holding Ann tightly, I kissed her, whispering
how much I adored her.

"I want to be with you forever," she said, softly.  Like a kitten, she
licked her cream off my lips and cheeks.

"I know, my sweet angel," I said, shaking with arousal.  "I can't get enough
of you."

Suddenly, Abigail had two fingers in me, and my heart raced with my
approaching orgasm.  Abigail let her busy fingers work on me while she
licked Ann's vagina and bottom.  Then I felt one of Abigail's wet fingers
find my rosebud and slip inside my rectum.  I climaxed hard and long.  Ann
was crying and laughing hysterically as she planted dozens of kisses all
over my face.  "You are so beautiful in the throes of passion," she said
between kisses.

My back arched and my chest heaved as the fires of sisterhood love consumed
me.  I squeezed my precious Ann, running my hand down her back and kneading
her ass.  Then, Abigail was lying beside us and our mouths and tongues
fought in a wild kissing frenzy.  I tasted my cream on her lips.

Suddenly, Ann was swept from my arms by Susanna and carried to Tituba.
Without wasting a moment, Abigail was on her hands and knees, turning around
so her bottom was above my face.  She gently lowered her shimmering, naked
body onto mine bringing her vagina only inches from my mouth.  Her fleece
was soaked and dripping, and I reached to spread her lips wide and drink.
Surely, the goddess of love was with us tonight as our bodies were racked
with wave upon wave of passion.

As the night wore on, in twos and threes, we pleasured each other again and
again until we were all spent.  I was basking in the glow of my last orgasm
when Ann came to me.  She sank into my arms under a layer of thick garments
and our fingers quickly found the warmth between our legs while we kissed
deeply.  As the flames died down to glowing embers, we pleasured each other
one last time and then slept.

With the first signs of the approaching dawn, we were all up and dressed;
ready to return to our villages.  We spoke of the pleasures of the night
before and how each sister yearned for the next full moon.  As I hugged my
sweet Ann goodbye, she said to beware of the strange rumors of witchcraft
going around the villages of late.

"You have only to worry about getting through the long nights until we are
in each other's arms again, little one," I said, kissing her one last time.

Witchcraft, I thought as I made my way along the trail back to Salem.  What
a silly notion.

Send comments to Candy Kane: rytr33@hotmail.com

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 89: the-treatment 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sat, 22 Apr 2006 10:09:32 -0700 (PDT)
From: August <gst_august@yahoo.com>
Subject: The Treatment

The Treatment
By August

	Taryn and Katie were best friends.  They were both 11 years old.
One year, they both came down with really bad acne.  The other kids made
cruel fun of them, which bonded them even more.

	One Friday night, they had a sleepover at Katie's house.  It was 11
at night, and they were watching t.v. together.  They were both wearing
panties and t-shirts, lying on their bellies.  They didn't have tits yet,
just enlarging nipples, so they didn't need bras.  They both had peach fuzz
hair on their little pussies.

	Taryn said, "I have an appointment with the dermatologist next
Tuesday."  Katie said, "Yeah, I've been going for three weeks now, but it
doesn't seem to help.  It hurts like shit too."

	Katie said, "I heard of a treatment for zits.  It's kind of gross
though."  "What is it?"  Taryn asked.  "I heard that if you drink your own
pee, it gets rid of them."  "Ewwww" said Taryn in disgust.  "But then,"
Katie said, "If it works, I mean, it's sure worth a try."  "You first."

	Katie went into the kitchen and got two Dixies cup.  She pulled
down her panties and placed the cup under her little cunnie.  Taryn started
to have strange new feeling looking at her friend half naked.  She had a
hard time starting to pee, but then her piss stream came out and filled the
cup.

	She took it to her mouth and smelled it, reluctant to drink.  Then
she took a small sip, and it wasn't too bad.  Then she drank it all down
and swallowed it.  She pulled up her panties.

	Then Katie said, "Okay Taryn, it's your turn."  Taryn got the other
cup, and pulled her panties down.  Katie was also turned on by looking at
her little cunnie.  Taryn stood there for a minute.  "What's wrong?" Katie
asked.  "I can't pee!  I don't know why.  I never had a problem before."

	Katie said, "Well maybe I can help."  She took her right hand, and
touched Taryn's pussy.  She started to rub her index finger around and
around.  Taryn felt great pleasure from this, one that she had never felt
before.  Taryn said, "Katie, put your finger in me."  Katie thought it was
a bit weird, but she complied.

	Katie put one finger in, then two and three.  Taryn moaned with
pleasure.  Pretty soon Katie got all five fingers in.  Katie started to
shake all over, and produce fluids.

	Then Taryn reached over and gave Katie a kiss on the lips.  They
made out for fifteen minutes.  Taryn then said, "Let's get the rest of our
clothes off."  They did, pulling their t-shirts off.  Katie started licking
on Taryn's engorged nipples.  Taryn said, "Oh, please bite them."  She did.

	Katie said, "Let's get into a 69."  Taryn asked, "What's that?"
"It's when we eat out each other's cunnies at the same time."  They lay on
the ground facing each other.  Then they started eating.  After five
minutes of this, they started shaking at the same time from their orgasms.

	Then they both started pissing.  They both drank each other's piss,
and it tasted good.  Katie said, "I sure hope this helps our complexion."
"I sure hope so to, but I don't even care.


For comments, questions, or to get on my mailing list, write to August:
gst_august@yahoo.com.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 90: two-girls-from-wollongong 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 27 Oct 2024 17:04:53 -0700
From: Jan none <janmay6969@gmail.com>
Subject: Two Girls from Wollongong (Lebian / Friends, oral, anal, f/f)

Friends, oral, anal, f/f

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between two teenage girls.  If this type
of content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not
read it.  It is the property of the author and cannot be
reproduced or distributed without specific consent of the
author.  This work is Copyrighted.  All Rights Reserved.  It is
written for your enjoyment only.  This story is about the love
between two teenage girls and is fiction.  Any resemblance to
real persons is purely coincidental.

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to Nifty Archive
Alliance to help keep the site running and stories available.

You may contact me at janmay6969@gmail.com  if you like.  All
flames will be ignored.

               Two Girls from Wollongong
                          By
                         Jan

	It was a warm December morning and the sun was coming up
in the east as Kaylin Kelly was climbing out of her VW combi
(Van) and was putting on her wetsuit before eating a bowl of
cereal.  She intended to catch a few waves before she had to
get to school.  She grabbed her short board and paddled out
beyond the breakers and sat up on her board and counted the
waves to observe when the largest wave in the set would come
in.  Once she established it was a five-wave set, she timed it
to catch the fifth wave.  She got on her feet and goofy footed
it as she rode the wave to the right towards the wooden bridge
to the entrance of the river mouth.  She pulled out before
reaching the bridge and paddled back out beyond the breakers.
She no more than sat up and she saw a dark-haired girl in a
wetsuit paddling out towards her.

	When the girl reached her and sat up and greeted Kaylin
with: "Gooday! My name is Aasia Barns."  She was a black-haired
girl, with big brown eyes, and brown skin of an Indian.  She
added: "My mother was from southern India, and my father was a
colour sergeant in the British Army.  When he retired from the
Army he moved our family here."

	Kaylin greeted her with: "Gooday mate!  My name is Kaylin
Kelly!  I'm a direct descendant of Ned Kelly!  (Every student
in Australia was taught about the outlaw Ned Kelly, and his
last words at his hanging.  "Tell me mates that I died well!"
That became the battle cry Aussie about to die in combat.

	Kaylin told Aasia that the wave sets were in fives.  They
counted them and caught the next fifth wave and rode the wave
goofy footed towards the bridge.  When Aasia pulled out, Kaylin
shot the pylons into the mouth of the river When she paddled
out to join Aasia, Aasia said: "Your crazy, you could have been
killed!"

	Kaylin giggled: "I have done that hundreds of times!"

	Aasia said: "You only have to crash one time!"

	They paddled to the beach and they carried their boards to
Kaylin's Combi.  She observed: "Cool wheels!"  Kaylin opened
the sliding door and proceeded to peel off her wetsuit.  She
was naked underneath.  She had 36-B size creamy white breasts
with quarter sized areolas and small nipples.  Her hips were
wide and her crotch was covered with pink pubic hair.  Aasia
watched as Kaylin used a beach towel to dry her body and hair.
She wrapped her hair in a towel like a turban.  And proceeded
to put on the clothes that she was going to wear to school.
She was aware that she would smell of salt at school.  Kaylin
asked Aasia if she could give her a lift somewhere?  As she
tossed the wetsuit into the combi along with her short board.

	Aasia said: "My family's home is just a couple of streets
from here."

	Put your board in, and if you like you can take your
wetsuit off as well.  Aasia put her board in the combi, and
unzipped the back of her wetsuit and peeled it off.  She was
wearing a white bikini that stood out against her brown skin.
They got in the front seats and Kaylin drove Aasia to her home.
While Aasis pulled her board and wetsuit out of the combi, she
invited Kaylin in to shower and dry her hair.

	While they showed together, Aasia's mother prepared
breakfast for them.  The girls used a pistol hair dryer to
style their hair.  The only makeup they put on was pink
lipstick.  When they were dressed the joined her mother for
breakfast, Kaylin offered to give Aasia a ride to their school.
While they were eating, they overheard Aasia's father asking
Aasia's mother in a loud voice: "Is that redheaded one of
Aasia's les friends?"

	Aasia blushed and said: "I'm sorry for my father's crude
language."

	They soon left the house for school, and Kaylin asked
Aasia: "You father comment was also accusing you of being a
lesbian!"

	Aasia didn't look at Kaylin driving the combi: "Would you
mind if I admit that I'm a lesbian?"

	Kaylin took a quick look at Aasia and returned her eyes to
the road.  "We are going to be great friends.  I'm a lesbian,
and I'm attracted to dark skinned women!"

	On the drive to school, they discussed getting together
for sex.  Even though they went to the same school they were
unaware of even noticing each other before.  Their class
schedule seemed to put them on opposite sides of the campus all
day.  That was strange considering that they had similar
academic goals.  	Over the following weeks they became close
friends.  They surfed together whenever they could.  When they
were finished surfing and returned to the combi, they changed
clothes in the back of the combi, and enjoyed sucking each
other's pussies before Kaylin drove Aasia home.

	As their graduation approached the subject of college came
up.  They applied to attend the 'The University of Sydney' that
is a public school of higher learning founded in 1850.  It is
an attractive campus constructed of cut sandstone.  They
planned to rent a small one-bedroom bungalow equal distant from
the campus and Bondi Beach.

	When the day came, Theye loaded up the combi with
everything they thought they needed and tied their long and
short surfboards to the top of the van and headed north.  They
were thrilled about getting away from Their parents' constant
supervision.

	The day they moved in they worked up a sweat putting
everything where they belonged.  They went to bed early in the
nude.  They kicked the covers and sheet off and it was
thrilling to make love to Aasia without worrying about having
to rush.  Kaylin loved her chocolate-coloured areolas and
nipples.  She took her time sucking Aasia's tits.  When it came
time to eat her hairy pussy, Kaylin tasted the spicy Cayenne
pepper that sweated out of her pours.  The spicy smell added to
the smell of her moist hairy crotch.  Kaylin found it thrilling
to bury my face in Aasia's hair crotch while licking her vagina
and licking her clitoris.  When she looked up through the black
hairs, she watched as Aasia's big brown eyes glazed over as her
orgasm approached.  Kaylin was just as excited when Aasia
chewed on her pink areolas and nipples, and the look on her
face when she went down on Aasia's.  It looked like she was
smelling and licking her favorite candy.  Even Kaylin's asshole
was not off limits for her.  Aasia found out that Kaylin could
squirt her bodily fluid all over her face.  Their bedroom
smelled of their sweat and sex.

	They loved their little bungalow.  We didn't even mind the
moldy bathroom and leaky faucets.  We figured we could find the
leak under the toilet and dry the floor, and replace the
gaskets in the faucets.  The rooms were small but it felt cozy.
The bedroom had a cheap wardrobe for what little clothes they
possessed, a vanity dresser, and a full-sized bed that we
planned on getting a lot of use out of.  The bed was rarely
ever made.  The quilts and sheets were just piled on top of the
bed.  The kitchen was small.  The fridge was small and with the
door open you couldn't use the electric range and oven.  We
were constantly bumping into each other while preparing meals.
Our living room was also our office so it was always cluttered
with books and reference papers.  The shower always had bathing
suits, undergarments, and nylons hanging over the shower
curtain rod.  They spent a lot of time in the school library
researching papers and They ate at the dining hall often.  They
worked small jobs to augment the money their families sent
them.  They also participate in surfing contests to add to
their meager income.  It was rough going the first couple of
years.  Our wardrobe became threadbare.  But we were having the
best time of our lives.  We developed a close group of lesbian
friends.

	They didn't have a lot of money but they numbered friends
that were musicians and actresses that provided entertainment.
When they were alone, they rarely wore clothes.  They enjoyed
the freedom to be able to feel each other up and engage in oral
sex with each other any time they liked.

	When our mothers would drive up to check on how we were
doing, they were appalled by how messy, dusty, and smelly our
home was.  They would go into a flurry of cleaning up the
house.  They cried out that our stove was a fire hazard.  They
used a lot of degreasers to clean the stove top and oven.
Kaylin's mother became a close friend of Aasia's mother.  They
seemed to be oblivious to what we were doing in their presence.
They acted as if they didn't see us feeling each other up.
They did things in front of their mothers that they would never
do in our father's presence.

	When we graduated, we chose to travel the world meeting
other lesbians and surfing where-ever they could.  They learned
how to porposition women in at least twenty-five languages.  We
eventually returned home and took up house keeping with each
other as if we were married.


If you enjoyed the story and have a story you want me to write
about your introduction to the world of female sexuality,
please send your outline to janmay6969@gmail.com

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to Nifty Archive
Alliance to help keep the site running and stories available.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 91: we-played-uno 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 6 Dec 2015 20:16:34 +0100
From: mia.ireland@irelandmail.com
Subject: We Played Uno

WE PLAYED UNO
By Mia Ireland
lesbian, oral, anal

This story is a work of fiction. It contains sexual situations between two
underage girls. If it is illegal or undesirable in you world or in your
mind, please don't read it.

Please support the Nifty Archive Alliance with a generous donation today.

http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

Amelia, 10
Ellie, 10

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

We played Uno in my room last night, me and Amelia. I love her so much. She
excites me so much.

She always knows exactly what to do, and she seems so sure of herself and
she shows me the way.

Me, I feel fumbling, scared, excited, nervous. Like I have no
coordination. Like I can't even control my body because I'm so shaky and
eager.

But Ammy is always so practiced, so calm, so sure of herself. She takes her
time, and whether I'm licking her kitty, or she's licking my kitty, it
feels like she must have done it a million times before with somebody
else's kitty, because she does it so well and so smoothly. Like she already
knows how. Like she invented it.

We played Uno in my room last night, first the regular way, where I won two
games and Ammy won three, and then we got tired of playing it that way, and
we were already in our sleep shirts and our underwear, and we were sitting
criss-cross on my bedroom floor, and we could already get peeks at each
other's kitties and I was already excited looking at hers, and she knew I
was excited, and we did this before, so she took her finger a little, and
she slowly touched hers through her underwear and pulled the crotch aside a
little so I could see her bare kitty slit. It was red inside. And glistened
in the light. And hairless like mine.

"Can we do stuff?" I asked her quietly, and I could hear the own ache in my
voice because her kitty was so pretty and I wanted to touch it and taste it
again. Like we did before. Only harder this time. My ache for it felt so
much harder.

She smiled at me and mouthed the words, "Lock the door," because my mom was
downstairs and we didn't want to do this too loud. We had to be quiet. We
knew it was secret. We knew it was the most private thing of all.

I got up and quickly ran to my bedroom door and closed it and locked it and
I ran back to her in the middle of the room, and the carpet felt tingly on
my bare feet, I was already so excited. She smiled because I ran back to
her so fast. It was a good smile. A happy smile. I was so in love with my
friend and so on fire with my needs for her. Grown-up needs I could barely
understand yet. She was like fireflies under my skin.

Ammy shuffled the Uno cards and put them face down in a pile.

"Pick one," she giggled, and that's how many times you have to lick my
kitty. "Like this."

She drew a card. It was a red 6.

She did 6 long tongue laps on the back of her own palm. One, two, three,
four, five, six. Long, full swipes of her tongue, like a mother cat
cleaning its babies.

"Only you have to do it on my kitty," she said. "Long licks like
that. Really long and really slow."

"Okay," I said. I was breathless and shaking so hard my own kitty was
tingling already. I felt my heart pounding in my chest, but Ammy looked so
calm. I felt like my heart wanted to sing for joy. My throat felt dry. I
wanted to cry, I was so excited.

With my hands shaking, I drew a card. It was a green 3.

"Noooooo," I said out loud. "Why only a three?"

Ammy giggled. "I bet you wanted a nine."

I nodded immediately. My breath was full of heartbeats. She was so
pretty. I wish you could see her. I wish you could know how pretty she was.

Ammy took her sleep shirt off. She took her underwear off. She always said
underwear, never panties. She was so beautiful. I just wanted to look at
her like this forever. I wanted to never have clothes on when I was with
her in my room. I wanted to married to her and never wear our clothes at
home.

"You too," she whispered. "Get really naked."

I took my sleep shirt off. I took off my panties. Underwear. My kitty felt
wet already. I touched it with my finger. Her eyes went wide when I touched
it. She touched her own. We both touched our kitties and looked in each
other's eyes and smiled.

We were both bare naked. She was so, so beautiful. I could see her
beautiful boobies. Soft pink nipples. They were bigger than mine, but we
were both still flat. We sucked on each other's boobies a lot of
times. Sometimes we sucked and nibbled a little. Just sucks and soft bites
with our teeth while we fingered kitties and kissed and made out and
giggled with each other. It felt so good. She was such a good friend. My
best friend ever and I just loved to be with her, kissing, touching,
tasting, with fingers. I would get my tickle-cummies so hard when we did
that.

"Come on, Ellie," she smiled, leaning back on her arms and presenting her
beautiful kitty to me. "Green 3. Three long licks, slow and long."

I moved the pile of cards to the side so I wouldn't knock them over and
crawled on my hands and knees between her open legs and I put my head
between her thighs and put my face right up to her kitty and I was rewarded
by the sweet, faint scent of her beautiful clean kitty which smelled so
good. Like a candy store. Like heaven.

Ammy's kitty always smelled so good. So clean. So fresh. Like strawberry
kids soap. Like body wash. Only something else in it too. Like a tiny bit
of pee smell. But something else. Something sweet that stays longer. A
deeper sweet. A smell that would catch in the back of my throat in a good
way. Like grape cough medicine. Like Stevia.

"I love how beautiful your pussy smells," I wanted to say to her, but I was
too shy to say pussy out loud. I wanted to call it her pussy, not her
kitty. I wanted to use a grown-up word for it. "I could just lay here and
smell you with my head between your beautiful legs, smelling your
beautiful, perfect, sexy hot pussy all night long," I ached to tell her. "I
could sleep here, Ammy. I could live here. Just live inside your legs like
this, licking and smelling your pretty, wet pussy."

But I was so scared to say that. So embarrassed. So dumb and little.

Why couldn't I say that to her? Why couldn't I express it? I wanted to call
it a grown-up word. She was my best friend. She would let me. She wouldn't
even care. But I was just too shy to say it out loud. Isn't that crazy?
Even though we'd licked our kitties lots of times and made each other have
our tickle-cummies lots of times, I was still so embarrassed to say "pussy"
out loud.

"Lick it," she giggled, wiggling it at me. "Three long licks. The slowest
you can."

I leaned forward and stared at how perfect it was. Beautiful thin
lips. Such a light color. Deeper red when she opened it. Red
inside. Glistening.

Vulva. Labia. Vagina. Clitoris.

Even the real words sounded sexy in my head when I looked at her.

I could see her tiny butthole too.

Anus. Vagina. Rectum. Big words. Science words. They all sounded sexy in my
head when I thought of her.

"Please, Ellie," she whispered, pushing it toward my face. "Please do your
turn in me."

Three licks. Green 3. Starting at the bottom, I have it lick number one,
long and sweet and ohhhh, so deliciously slow.

A million flavors burst out in my mouth. Cinnamon. And honey grahams. And
strawberry soda. And something sour that made saliva on the sides of my
tongue, underneath. But good sour. Gentle sour. Sweet, little-girl pussy
sour.

"Pussy," I thought in my mind. "Not kitty. Pussy," I thought,
quivering. "I'm licking your pure, sweet pussy."

"Number two," she giggled.

I lapped it again, bottom to top. Slowly. My own little kitty bursting with
pleasure. My pussy. My aching, wet pussy.

And then a third time. Oh, God. She was so sweet. I wanted more. I ached
for more. I didn't want to stop. I wanted to draw another card. But she
giggled and slowly lifted my head up.

She kissed me just a little on my lips. Tasted herself on my
lips. Smiled. Ran her tongue across her lips.

"Mmmm," she giggled. "That tastes like me."

My heart was pounding so hard, I thought I would die. I thought it would
just beat out of my chest.

"Your turn," I said breathlessly. "Take a card."

"Please hurry," I thought in my mind. "Please, Ammy, hurry!"

Ammy picked a card. Yellow 7.

"Oh yesssssssss," I thought. "Oh thank you, thank you, God. Yellow 7."

Seven long pussy licks. I thought I might die.

I leaned back and presented myself to her. Arched up. Watched her move
forward to lick my heartbeating wetness.

One.

Oh God, it felt so good when her tongue touched me. So wet and soft and
electric. Such a long, tender lap. Such a sweet, aching relief as her wet
tiny tongue dragged up the length of my quivering crease. Oh God, so
long. It made my whole body shiver. Such a deep, long lick. So good.

Two.

I moaned out loud. "Shhh!" she whispered. "Your mom!"

But I held her head to my kitty. Pressed her into me. Ground her into my
pussy.

"Don't talk," I whispered.

And I moaned out loud again.

Three.

She lapped again, pressing it deep, deep into me. Stopping at the top to
nibble my clitty with her lips. "Oh yessssssss," I whispered as I bucked up
into her. "Lick my clitty."

Four.

I was holding her head and digging it into me as she lapped up my tingling
slit. I could feel myself getting even wetter down there. Not just from her
spit. Wet with my own tingle-hungry pussy need.

Five.

She licked me and pressed inside my pussy hole with her finger. "Oh God, Oh
God," I whispered. As she licked me she reached up. Put her finger in my
mouth. Let me taste and suck the wet, salty-sour hole flavor of myself. "Oh
God," I moaned.

Six.

So slow. So long. She took such beautiful time with me. I was aching to
have my tickle-cummies in her mouth. I pressed against her. Wanted to lock
her head between my legs and keep her there forever.

"Please," I whispered. "Please don't stop!"

I wanted to say bad words to her. I wanted to say pussy. I wanted to say
the F word. I wanted to say the C word. I needed her to hear the words I
wanted to say.

Seven.

Oh, I wanted to cry! Last lick! Last sweet swipe of heaven. So slow. So
long. So deep. My whole body ached for her. I could feel all kinds of ants
under my skin. In my goosebumpy arms. Ants all under me and crawling in my
arm skin. Making my back arch. Making me tingle in my wet, quivering
crease. All the way up in my nipples, I felt ants under my skin. My whole
body tingled and ached for her.

She came up and said, "Mmmm," and kissed me with her tongue. Soft and
gentle.

"Taste your kitty," she whispered in my mouth.

"My pussy," I moaned. "Please call it my pussy."

She shivered when I said it, excited. Skissed me again. "Taste your pussy
on my tongue," she whispered and we both felt so sexy. So grown-up and sexy
doing this.

And we kissed and we kissed and forgot to pick another Uno card. I don't
know how long we kissed, but we reached down and fingered each other's
pussies. Wet slits, wet fingers, kissing and licking fingers between our
lips.

We were panting and excited. Breathless sweet tastes of each
other. Sweet. Sour. Hungry, sweet and needing. We liked it off our fingers
and tasted how much love we were making for each other. How much wet, love
and how good it was to taste each other's flavor from down there. Two
girls. Tingling. Aching for each other down there.

Kitties. Pussies. C words.

"Stop," she said between kisses. "Pick another card. I need my pussy
licked. Lick my kitty pussy."

I picked a card. Blue 5.

But I didn't take five swipes this time.

This time she leaned back and I locked onto her with my mouth as hard as I
could. Deeply, with hunger, like a grown-up, like a grown-up in the movies,
I kissed her pussy, I kissed it so long and so grown-up. Five long, sweet
french kisses that never, ever ended. I kissed her pussy so long.

She held my head between her legs and ground her belly up against me and I
could taste and smell all the warm smells of her, wet like honey and sweet
and salty. I kissed her pussy. Kissed her sweet, beautiful pussy five slow
times that made her wiggle and whimper and almost start to cry.  .

"Me," she breathed breathlessly. "I want to taste you some more."

She picked another Uno card, shakily, desperately, knocking all the others
aside.

"Wild," she said, as she laid it down on my bare tummy.

"What does that one do?" I begged breathlessly.

"Watch," she said, and then the whole world turned to magic that night.

She laid between my skinny thighs and ate my pussy endlessly. I twisted and
groaned out loud into the air, and she told me again, "Shhh, your mom," but
I didn't even care.

I just held her head as she kissed my kitty  kissed my pussy 
kissed my C word  kissed my cunt  and it felt so good to hold her
there, have her eat me up like that  swallow me whole  taking
great, long gulps of my twisting wetness, having her lick me and lick me to
the brink of heaven, to the end of the world and back.

And somewhere in the licking, she started fingering my pussy hole, pushing
her finger in and out inside of me. My tunnel was slippery and her finger
was pushing in me, pushing in me, fucking me, fucking me! Oh, fuck me,
Ammy, I thought in my mind. "Fuck me," I whispered out loud.

She moaned and fingered me deeper, ate me harder.

"Fucking you," she whispered.

There were no more kid words to describe it any more. No more
childishness. It was such a grown up feeling, knowing she was fucking me
like that. I needed this so much from her.

I saw her suck her forefinger. I saw her get it wet with spit, and as she
licked and ate and kisses my twisting pussy, she slowly pushed her finger
into the tightness of my butthole.

I hissed out loud and my back arched up.

"Ohhh!" I moaned. "Ammy! It hurts!"

But wouldn't stop. She just pushed it forward, and I lay there on the
carpet of my bedroom, a rag doll, helpless, twisting little snake for her,
and then the hurt started to feel so beautiful. Like warm fire. Like
dancing to a slow song. Like presents on Christmas morning. She ate my
bucking pussy and her finger dug its twisty slow dance up the tight snug
muscles of my gripping, squeezing poophole.

I ground my pussy and butt into her. Deeper. I wanted everything in
deeper. I pressed up against her. Squeezed her head so hard between my legs
I thought I would break her -- and then -- shivers -- clenches -- it came
on me like a fire starting -- slow and then fast and then like the rush of
the stove burner bursting into full flame --

"EEEEEEE!" I squealed.

"Your mom!" she hissed, but I couldn't help it.

"EEEEEEE!"

The feeling of my cum took me everywhere! I went up to the sky. To the
moon, Ammy! I flew up to the stars and the moon!

I was cumming, bucking, ramming up against her. The Uno cards were
scattered everywhere. In my haze I saw I'd kicked them everywhere,
thrashing out with me feet. I couldn't help it. Cumming, cumming, cumming
in her mouth.

I couldn't stop squealing, pressing, shivering all over like a million tiny
fireflies in my head, in my mind, flying all over my room. I couldn't
control my body and all its shivers. I felt wetness. I didn't know what it
was. Did I pee? She was lapping at it. Moaning deep in her throat.

I couldn't stop shaking. She made me shake inside. In my body. In my heart.

I felt so good. I didn't want this to ever, ever end. I wanted us to be
like this forever. Friends.

"I love you, Ammy," I whispered, stroking her sweaty hair and laughing and
crying, all lost in the magic of her.

"I love you, Ellie," she whispered back. "I love you so much."

She was panting. Eager. I looked down and she was fingering her own
slit. She was very wet. She was very close.

"Please," I begged her. "Please let me."

She was fingering her kitty. Her pussy. Her cunt. I wanted to taste it so
bad. I wanted to make her feel the moonn this way. I wanted to give her
fireflies and magic too.

"Please," I whimpered, almost crying for the taste of her. "Sit on
me. Bring it on my face."

"Yesssss," she whispered.

"Cum on my face," I begged her.

Still lying on my back, she squatted up over my chest, straddled my tiny
face, and pressing forward, aimed her beautiful, tiny, hairless pussy lips
to my face, spread them apart with her fingers, and sat down lightly on my
face.

"Suck it," she begged me. "Suck me and lick me and stick your finger in
me."

And I did. Oh God, it tasted so good. A million flavors again. Salty like
peanuts and copper like pennies and sweet like Kool-Aid and blueberries on
ice cream and I couldn't stop licking this and couldn't stop tasting her
and please, everybody, don't let it end, please anybody, let us be like
this together on my floor tonight, feeling like this and tasting like this
and loving like this. Please God, don't ever take this away from us.

She was making little puppy noises. Little soft whimper noises as she
ground herself into me. I felt wetness on my face, on my lips, under my
nose, on my chin. It tasted so good. It smelled like Ammy. Rich, sweet,
young, deep perfect pussy smells.

I did what she did to me. I wet my finger. Fingered her pussy. Fingered her
hole. Felt her twist and turn on it, wanting it deeper. I got it
wet. Reached around and pressed it into her butthole. So hard. So tight to
get in there. But I wet it again and fingered her butt. Licked
her. Frenched her pussy. Fingered her in both of her holes.

"Elllllieeeee," she squealed. "Ellllieeeee...gonna tingle..."

I felt her body get tight and all shivery, and she pressed down hard on my
face, so hard I almost couldn't breathe and then with a soft cry, she
started shaking all over, making soft little crying sounds as she bucked
her pussy into me one last time, so quiet, so quiet, she came all over me,
mashing her face on me, so quiet, cumming, shaking...gasping for air,
invisible, sweet quiet breaths.

She fell forward exhausted over my head, panting, shaking, not being able
to stop. I could see goosebumps on her arms.

"Ammy," I whispered. "I love you so much Come and hug me."

She came to me. Melted up into my arms. We laid there on my floor like
that, arms around each other, Uno cards scattered everywhere. I held her
and I loved her. Stroked her soft hair. We kissed. I could still smell her
scent under my nose. We smelled fingers. Licked fingers. Smelled our pussy
smells and our butt smells. Soft and comforting. The smell of us
together. Flavors, scents.

Closeness.

Closeness and hearts smelled like this.

I held her so tight. I reached out and pushed the cards away.

Green 2.

Red 4.

Yellow +2.

Blue Reverse.

They all went scattering and I didn't even care.

I just held her and loved her.

Wild Card.

Wild +4.

So wild. So very, very wild.

Me and my friend Ammy in the light of my room.

Naked on the floor. My sweet beautiful playmate.

The girl I loved so much. The girl who made me say grown-up words.

The night I loved her on my floor.

The night we played Uno.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 92: winter-in-bimidji 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2003 13:26:48 -0800 (PST)
From: Jan <janmay699@icqmail.com>
Subject: Winter in Bimidji (Young Friends f/f)

Warning:

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of
explicit sexual acts between two teenagers.  If this type of
content offends you or you are under the age of 18 do not read
it.

Author's Note:

This story is the property of the author. It can be downloaded
for personal reading pleasure or sending to a friend, but if you
wish to re-post them at your own site, please contact the author
for permission.

Copyright 2003 Jan, All Rights Reserved.

Please mail to janmay699@icqmail.com if you have
suggestions for future stories.


                       Winter in Bimidji
                              By
                             Jan


	Anna and Honica were raised next door to each other all
their lives.  Anna was several generations removed from a
French Dominican priest that came to the Hudson Bay area to
convert the savages to Christianity but found that he could not
resist a young Indian girl.  After being excommunicated he
became a fir trader and moved south with his family.

	Anna still had a French sir name from her ancestor and
little else.  She had very little Indian blood in her gene pool but
still had the dark hair and large brown eyes.  Her skin was fair
enough to have traces of freckles across her nose.  She was of
average size for a girl her age.

	Honica's family moved from Sweden some time in the
early eighteen hundreds.  They followed the St. Lawrence River
all the way to Lake Superior.  Then they traveled overland to
Bemidiji.  The family settled in a community that was mostly
Swedes and Norwegians.  Honica could trace almost all her
ancestors back to Sweden.  She was born with platinum blonde
with blue eyes as clear as the sky.  As she grew up her hair only
darkened slightly and her skin was as creamy white as any one
could be.  The most striking thing about her was that she was
tall for her age.

	The girls grew up next door to each other.  From the time
they were able to walk they were almost like sisters.  They
played the normal childish games where they inspected each
other's bodies and wondered if they would ever have bodies
like their mothers.

	The big change in their lived happened when Honica
reached the age of twelve.  In a matter of a few months she
developed beasts very quickly.  They went from A to C cups in
less time than they had off for summer vacation.  The rest of her
body still looked more like that of a tall boy but her had breasts
attained a beautiful shape. The areolas were sticking right out in
front of her body and no bra was necessary to hold them up.
They looked rather out of place on her body with its shapeless
hips and a vulva with only a trace of pubic hair.

	The event that changed everything was when she went
shopping in St. Paul.  She was trying on clothes and trying to
find clothes that would fit her.  Finding a bra that fit was as
much of a problem as anything.  If the straps fit around her
chest the cups were too small.  If the cups fit the straps around
her chest were too loose.  Dresses that fit her upper body were
too long in the waist.

	The middle-aged clerk was trying her best to help Honica
find clothes that would fit her.  She had no idea just how young
the girl was, after all she was as tall as she was.  The clerk
thought perhaps she was in her mid teens with a difficult body
to fit.  She even thought perhaps that she had misjudged the size
of the girl's breasts.

	She figured she should enter the dressing room to see for
herself and help fit the clothes.  When she saw Honica stripped
to the waist she was impressed.  They really were her breasts
and they were perfectly shaped.  They just looked so out of
place on this girl's body.  She figured the only answer was to
select a Victoria Secret bra that would be tight enough to fit her
body while its the nylon cups would stretch enough capture
those beautiful tits.  The effect was very sexy as breasts
stretched the material so much that they were transparent.
Every dimple in her areolas was visible.  The clerk stood
behind Honica and admired her figure in the dressing mirror.
She reached under her arms and cupped each breast and ran her
fingers over the nipples.  The friction aroused the girl's nipples.
Honica didn't know how to act she had never been touched by
anyone this way before.  She had no idea that there were
women that had sexual desires for girls.  She just stood there
looking at their reflections in the mirror.

	The woman grew bolder and stroked the front of
Honica's skirt a few times.  She complemented her on what a
stunning build she had. All Honica could think of to say was
"Thanks!"

	The woman placed her hand on the girl's flat tummy and
stroked it a few times before she stuffed her hand into
waistband of the skirt, slip and panties.  Her fingers felt the soft
bulge of the child's pubis.  When her fingers found only the
softest traces of pubic hair on her way to stroking the clitoris
she became even more excited.  She rubbed and teased the clit
until the girl reached a breathless climax that left her weak-
kneed.  The woman kissed her on the side of her neck and said,
"I will let you take your time getting dressed before we ring up
your selection" and backed out of the changing room.

	Honica had to sit on the bench in the changing room for a
short time before she put her street clothes.  She was still in a
kind of shock at what had just happened.  She slowly gathered
up the clothes she had been trying on and took them to the
register.  She placed the clothes on the counter.  One small pile
of items she wanted and another pile of the items she was
rejecting.  She paid for them with her mother's credit card.  The
clerk bagged her purchase and handed Honica back her credit
card.  She gave her the bag with a warm smile and added, "I
hope you hurry back for another personal fitting."  Honica
blushed as she read the meaning and went looking for her
family.  She called Anna as soon as she got home.

	Anna came over right away to check out what she had
bought.  After they got over the excitement of checking out the
new bras and blouses Honica told her about what the clerk has
done to her.  That led to all kinds of question from Anna.
Honica admitted that she had climaxed on the hand of the clerk.
They sat on the bed and chuckled nervously about her
adventure.

	Anna wanted to see Honica in the things she bought so
Honica took everything out of her bag and stripped to the waist
in order to try on the three new bras.  Anna was impressed at
how much she filled out the cups of the bras.  She stood up in
front of Honica and felt the material and tested how tight they
were.  The body straps were not stretched that much but the cup
material was almost stretched to the limit.  Because the blouses
were so large she would have to buy shoulder pads that attached
to the shoulder straps of the bras.  She modeled all of the
blouses and talked about which ones they liked best.

	She left one of her new bras on and put on a raw wool
cable stitch sweater.  She used both hands to pull her hair out of
the mock turtleneck.  She had on a school girl type skirt that
was made in a green and brown plaid with red and yellow
strings woven into the plaid.  Dressed in that outfit they went
next door.

	Anna's family was visiting friends so they had the house
to themselves for the rest of the weekend.  To insure their
privacy Anna locked the doors before they went into the family
room.  They built a fire in the rustic fireplace and removed their
shoes and socks.  They were ready to explore their sexuality
when the room warmed up.

	Honica pulled her sweater up over her breasts.  Anna
unhooked the bra and the shoulder straps so she could remove it
without having to remove the sweater.  While Honica held her
sweater up Anna felt the breasts and played with the nipples.
Instinctively she took one nipple into her mouth and sucked on
it noisily until Honica told her breathlessly to "suck on my
other tit now darling".

	Anna did as she was told and while sucking on it she
unhooked the pleated skirt and let it fall to the floor.  Anna
stretched the elastic and pulled the half slip down.  She knelt in
front of her friend and pulled the panties down.  Her face was
only inches away from her friend's vulva.  The wisps of thin
blonde hairs did little to hide the contour of her friend's pussy.

	Without warning or permission she stuck out her tongue
and licked the bulge of her young friend's vulva.  The skin
tasted a little salty but not at all unpleasant.  Honica took one of
her own tits in one hand and rubbed the nipple with her
forefinger.  She let go of the sweater with the other hand and
placed it on the back of Anna's head and stroked her hair as she
pulled it tighter against her cunt.

	Anna made her tongue as pointed and as stiff as possible
as she stuck it into the warm inviting valley.  She found her
friend's clitoris and wiggled her tongue up and down over that
hooded button.  She hung onto Honica by her legs as she really
explored the cunt of her friend for the first time.  Anna's left
hand was resting Honica's right hip and she placed her right
hand on the inside of the right thigh.  She ran her hand up the
inside of the thigh until her fingers were stroking the cunt.  She
sought out her friend's vagina and put her forefinger into the
canal.  She effortlessly stoked it in and out a few times.

	Honica must have broken her hymen as a child because
Anna's finger met no resistance what so ever.  There was only
the soft smoothness skin of the love canal that had a feeling like
the walls had bumpy lumps that yielding to her penetration.
She added her middle finger and continued finger fucking the
cunt while she lapped at the clitoris.  She was about to add her
ring finger into the hole when without design it slipped into
Honica's asshole.  Honica was breathless from her sexual
excitement.  She felt her friend add her little finger to her ring
finger in her butt.  Anna was finger fucking her friend's cunt
and ass at the same time.  Honica found that she was unable to
resist for more than a few minutes as she thrashed and moaned
into a state of orgasmic surrender.  Her nipple felt the burning
tingle and her vagina became the center of her world as the
waves of indescribable pleasure wept through her young body.
As good as it felt when the sales lady had touched it was
nothing compared to what she was experiencing now at the
hands of her girlfriend and lover.

	After Honica's climax subsided she sat down on the
fireplace hearth.  The stone felt rough on her bare ass.  She
pulled Anna close and gave her a bear hug.  Then she kissed her
passionately on the mouth as she felt and tasted her own pussy
juice.

	Honica wanted Anna naked and she hurriedly help her
remove her clothing.  Anna was dressed in her school uniform.
She even had the white school blouse and a one-peace slip
under the blouse and skirt.  The only other item of clothing she
wore were her simple panties.  Her breasts were not yet
developed to the point where a bra was required.  Honica pulled
them down and laid Anna on the carpet in front of the crackling
fireplace.

	She sat on the hearth while feeling her friend's
comparatively flat chest.  The little nipples were hard as stones
as she stroked them.  Then she reached down between her legs
and felt her cunt like she had when they were children.  Only
now her friend had dark hairs starting to grow on her vulva and
there was a detectable aroma there that betrayed the young
girl's sexual desire.

	Anna reached up with both arms for Honica in a pleading
manner.  Honica pulled her sweater over her head and shook
out her hair.  Then she knelt next to her.  She leaned down and
kissed Anna on the mouth as she lay on top of her.  She placed
her legs between Anna's and spread her legs forcing Anna's
thighs wide apart.  She rubbed her friend's nipples with her
breasts in a manner that was stimulating for both girls.  Then
she slid down her body until she was kneeling between Anna's
widely spread thighs.

	Honica took hold of Anna's legs and rolled her back until
her knees were next to her ears.  Anna reached up and placed
each of her arms over the backs of her knees.  She used her
hands to spread her own pussy open.  She toyed with her own
clitoris as Honica watched.

	Honica lay on the carpet face down and licked her
friend's eager pussy.  In her excitement she licked her clit and
vagina until Anna was dripping wet.  At one point her
wandering tongue touched Ann's asshole.  Anna was noticeably
thrilled by the stimulation and she begged for more.  Honica
found that she didn't mind the taste as she drilled her tongue
into the hole.  Anna climaxed, as Honica was finger fucking her
cunt and her tongue reaming her butt.

	They finally dressed and talked about going to St. Paul
and finding out if that sales clerk would like to play with the
two of them.


I hope you enjoyed the story and have a story you would like
told please send your mail to janmay699@icqmail.com
 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 93: wonderful-childhood-experience 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2021 22:37:10 -0600
From: "craigslistanon99@gmail.com" <craigslistanon99@gmail.com>
Subject: My Wonderful Childhood Experience

Please consider a donation to Nifty Stories. Please keep this site running
for everyone to enjoy.

http://donate.nifty.org/donate.html

Story Codes: f/f, oral, first times, 10yo and 9yo
This story is one of the best experiences of my life, and I love to
relive it with anyone else who either had a similar experience, or has a
fantasy about it.  If you would like to chat about it, feel free to reach
out at craigslistanon99@gmail.com.

So, starting when I was 10, my best friend (her name was Lily, and she
was about a year younger than me) and I would have regular sleepovers.
Most often, it was at her house.  We both came from households with
single mothers, and hers was a lot more easy going.

Anyway, since my friend had a big queen sized bed, we would often just
sleep together at her place.  For some reason we just naturally
gravitated towards snuggling together each night.  She had always been so
petite and tiny, and just loved tightly holding her warm little body
right next to mine.

This one night, after we had both taken our showers, we were laying in
bed giggling, and I just had the urge to kiss her.  It was this amazing
experience which sent shivers all throughout my body.  I also had some
major butterflies in my stomach.  I started to unbutton her pajama top,
and she never said stop.  I started running my hands all over her
amazingly soft skin.  I eventually parted her pajama top to reveal her
flat little chest, and then I put my mouth on them.  I know they were
just flat little nippples, but I LOVED it.

After a few minutes of that, I started to kiss my way down her firm
little tummy, and she never said stop.  I started to loosen her pajama
bottoms, and she never said stop.  She even instinctively lifted her
bottom a little so I could slip them off.  This was the moment when I
first got an up-close view of her wonderful and totally smooth little
vagina.  I told her how beautiful she was, and she just looked down at me
and smiled.  It was almost as if she was saying "what are you waiting
for???".  I gently put my tongue on her most special place, and she
tasted so incredibly sweet, almost like a nectar.  I knew her mother was
in the next room watching television, but I did not want to stop.  I
practically licked her until my tongue and my mouth were sore, yet she
ended up having the quietest and the most controlled first orgasm I have
ever seen.  She later said it felt like this amazing warm rush all
throughout her body.

After this first time, we ended up trying all sorts of things together.
Mostly, it was mutual kissing, mutual licking, and nursing on each
other's chests.  I could never quite get over just how tiny she was for
her age.  She had almost no features, zero fat on her, narrow hips and
skinny little legs, but I loved her regardless.

There was really just one moment which was somewhat awkward.  One night,
we had both presumed her mother had already gone to sleep.  We were both
totally naked, and I was down between her legs enjoying that little piece
of heaven.  Suddenly, there were a quick two knocks at the door, and her
mother walked in and saw us.  Obviously, it was hard to explain away what
we were doing.  Still, I was grateful it was her mother and not mine.
Her mother was a former hippie or something, and perhaps the most
easy-going woman I have ever known.  She asked us to get dressed and meet
her in the kitchen.  She never yelled or screamed or anything like that.

So we put our pajamas back on, and went into the kitchen.  Her
mother said experimenting like we were doing was perfectly normal, but
that it was important to be careful and to keep it private.  The really
awkward part came when she asked us when it started, and what sort of
stuff we had been trying.  While answering her questions, I could still
taste her daughter on my tongue...

Anyway, after that moment we were obviously a lot more careful and a lot
more discreet.

Our relationship lasted a total of about two years.  Sadly, my mother and
I moved to another part of town when I was 12.  I still think about Lily
all the time.  We do keep in touch, and we often reminisce about our
early times together.

Anyway, that's my story.  Like I said earlier, I would love to hear from
anyone who had similar experiences, or anyone who enjoyed my story.  Feel
free to reach out anytime, craigslistanon99@gmail.com


 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 94: young-innocence-lost 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Mon, 31 Jan 1994 16:04:08 UTC
From: an67846@anon.penet.fi
Subject: Young Innocence Lost [Archive: Beth-Erin (ff, teens)]

This is a Steve Jensen story from my archive.
  As usual, Great Stuff!

                            Quicksilver-Iota
                   *********************************

Young Innocence Lost
by Steve Jensen

Beth and Erin became best friends the day they met in 7th grade.
It was Beth's first day at a new school and Erin's best friend had
moved away last year.  Both girls had been inseparable for the
first part of the school year, but this was the first night that
Beth got to stay overnight at Erin's house.  It was morning and
Erin's parents had left for work.  With her brother away at
college, the girls were all alone at home.  And since it was a
school holiday, they had the house to themselves.

Erin woke up first.  She lightly rubbed her eyes as she watched her
friend sleep.  Beth's night shirt had crept above her waist and as
she lay still, Erin fixed her eyes on the cotton print panties that
Beth was wearing.  They seemed to be a little tight and she could
clearly make out the outline of her fronds slit.  She wasn't sure
why she was getting a strange feeling looking at another girl.  It
was the same feeling that she got each time just before she played
with herself.

As she looked at Beth, she placed a hand in her own panties and
started to massage her little bud.  This always brought her
pleasure but this would be the first time she had done it when she
wasn't alone.  As she circled her clit with her finger, she admired
her fronds body.  Beth was very cute; long blonde hair, big blue
eyes.  Erin wondered if Beth ever played with herself like she was
doing now.  They had talked about lots of intimate things, but not
that.

Soon an overwhelming urge came overtook Erin to touch her friend
on that special spot.  Even though she didn't know how Beth would
react, she felt compelled to take the chance.  Pretending to be
asleep so that she could claim it was not intentional, Erin allowed
her hand to come to rest on the mattress next to  Beth's crotch.
After it had been there a minute without any adverse consequences,
she allowed it to brush against the cotton panties.  Little by
little she became more brave, sure that Beth would not wake up and
scream or even worse.

Beth had lay awake, one eye just barely opened, concealed by her
hair.  She watched as Erin, with her hand in her panties, played
with herself.  She was relieved to know that she wasn't the only
girl that did this -- maybe it wasn't so bad after all.   She
wished that  Erin had lowered her pajamas before doing it so that
she could actually see what she was doing.

When Erin suddenly stopped playing with herself, Beth was afraid
that maybe she had sensed that she was awake and closed her eyes
tightly.  But when she felt Erins' hand make contact between her
legs, she knew that wasn't the case.  A little shiver of excitement
trickled through Beth's body as that first initial touch was felt.
That was the first time anyone had ever touched her there.  She
wasn't expecting it from another girl, but right now that really
didn't matter.  She was excited from watching Erin and that
overcame any sense of wrongdoing.  Besides, she could just lay
there and pretend to be asleep and see what happened.

Erins' touch was very light and casual in the beginning.  But as
time went on and Beth didn't awake and protest, her touch got more
aggressive and deliberate.  She had already caused a wet spot to
appear on Beth's panties and now she was so excited that she didn't
care if Beth did wake up.  Bravely, with one hand she lifted the
waste band of Beths' panties and held them up while she slid the
other hand beneath them.  She brushed her hand over the soft, tiny
patch of sprouting pubic hair and found her friends moist hole with
one finger.  After slightly inserting it she commenced a circular
motion around the girls' clit with her thumb.

Beth was sure she couldn't pretend to be asleep much longer.  The
tingles of electricity that she had felt had turned to bolts of
lightning as Erins' finger toyed at the entrance to her cunt.
Slowly, instinctively, she began to rotate her hips in a circular
motion in response to Erins' continuing massage of her clit.
Sensing that her pretending to be asleep was serving no purpose
except to diminish her enjoyment of the experience, Beth opened her
eyes, smiled at her friend and said softly, "Ummm... that really
feels good."

"I am glad you like it.  I wasn't sure you would.  I don't know why
I started doing this, but I just wanted to."

Beth responded by pulling her panties off and spreading her legs
apart to give Erin more freedom between her legs and  a sort of
unspoken permission to proceed.  Erin buried a finger in Beth's
cunt and started pumping it in and out.

Beth, now discarding her charade of being only a passive
participant, reached inside Erin's pajama bottoms.  Erin wasn't
wearing panties.  She found the moist slit with her finger and
commenced to give Erin the same type of pleasure that she was
receiving.

"The only thing that would make this better is if we had a boy here
with us.", said Beth.

"Like, really.  Except the boys I know would blab all over school.
Or, you could end up like Melissa Harris -- pregnant!"

"Yeah... you ever done it with a boy?", Beth asked.

"No. Almost did but my brother came home from school early and
messed everything up.  Have you?"

"No, but when the time is right I want to.  I just want to know
what it feels like... I mean, you are making me feel better than
anything I have had yet.",  replied Beth

Suddenly Erin stopped.  "You wait right there.  Don't move!", Erin
ordered as she got up from the bed, went to the dresser and reached
way behind a drawer.  Carrying something white and folded into the
bathroom, she told Beth that she would be right back.

The five minutes seemed like an eternity for Beth until the
bathroom door opened and Beth received the second biggest surprise
of the morning.  Erin had slicked back her already short brown
hair, parted it on the side and had it combed in a boys style.  She
was wearing a tee shirt and a pair of boy's jockey shorts.  Her big
brown eyes gave her the look of a young boy that could have been
her twin.  Sensing the question on her friends face, Erin explained
"These used to be my brothers a few years ago.  I rescued them
before Mom threw them out.  Sometimes I sleep in them -- it turns
me on."

"Wow!", Beth exclaimed as she looked at her friend in amazement.
If she didn't know better, she would swear she was looking at a 7th
grade boy standing before her in his underwear.  She felt her cunt
start to really itch as she admired her friend's ingenuity.

"And that's not all." said Erin as she pulled her jockey shorts
down in the front and revealed about five inches of a double-headed
dildoe protruding from her cunt lips, the other half buried deeply
in her hole.  "I never thought I would get to use both sides of
this at once, but if you're as hot as I am, we need to do it like
now!"

As she walked over to the bed, holding the thing to keep it from
shooting out from between her legs, Beth reached out to touch it
and examine the device.  It was made of a soft, and slightly rigid
vinyl.  The head was just like the drawings she had seen in her sex
ed book, and she could imagine that it was probably pretty close
to the real thing in size and shape. "Got it from a mail order
place last summer.", Erin explained.   "I guess if we don't have
a boy, this is the next best thing."

Beth was a little apprehensive about allowing the thing up her
cunt.  She had put things like that up there before, but it was
always her in control.  But her fear started to subside as her
friend reassured her, "It's okay.  You'll feel great when it is in
you."

With that, Erin removed the dildoe from her cunt and turned it
around, placing the head that had been in her cunt, now slippery
wet, over the opening to her friends hole.  The lubricant on the
head of the plastic dick and the wetness of Beth's cunt caused the
head to pop in with a minimum of resistance.  Beth lay on her back
with her legs spread obscenely, her knees resting against the
budding little mounds on her chest as Erin worked the cock in and
out of her to get her adjusted to it.  When she felt that it was
properly in and not going to be painful for Beth, she positioned
herself between Beth's spread legs.  Once again she pulled down the
front of the jockey shorts she was wearing and expertly inserted
the other half of the dildoe in her own cunt.

Slightly, she pumped her hips, allowing the dick to sink first into
her hole and then into Beth's.  Beth was still spread with her
hands behind her knees holding herself open, afraid to resist in
the least.  Soon both girls were pumping their hips in opposite
rhythm until the cock was completely swallowed between both of
their cunts.  Their pussies were rubbing together as Erin humped
Beth, continuing the role of the boy as Beth, now engulfed in
lustful abandon, wrapped her legs tightly around Erin, digging her
heels into her friends pumping ass.  "Fuck me, you slut!"  Beth
cried to her friend, "Bury that cock of yours in me all the way!"

As Erin pumped and her cunt would tighten, the slippery dildoe
would shoot all the way into Beth's cunt.  And as Beth pumped back,
Erin would feel the thing thrust against the back of her hole.
The girls had the dick so deeply buried into them that their clits
were rubbing together and it didn't take long until both girls
shuddered into ecstacy, juices flowing from their cunts and down
the crack of Beth's ass.

The girls collapsed in exhaustion, their slippery toy now
glistening as it lay cast aside on the bed.  They kissed each other
passionately feeling the kind of devotion that only one young girl
could feel for another, having traded their youthful innocence for
passion.

 
 
======================================== 
 
Chapter/Page 95: young-pool-girls 
---------------------------------------- 
Date: Thu, 20 Jan 2000 13:33:09 -0800 (PST)
From: Ang J <kate_libby69@yahoo.com>
Subject: Young Pool Girls

Okay this is how it all started...

     It was a hot august evening and once getting out of the pool I
decided to call my best friend, Kristine, and ask her to spend the
weekend with me. Still in my bikini i walked over to the phone and dial
her up. Shortly after hanging up the phone with her i hear a knock on the
front door. I opened it and there was Kristine, wearing only her board
shorts and light blue bikini top. Looking her up and down slowly I
innocently smiled and welcomed her in.

     We gave our usual hello hugs and then ran up stairs to watch our fav
movie, "FOXFIRE". I walked over to the bed and sat down as she put the
movie in. I slying watched her bending over, her very short shorts riding
up her thighs, reviling her smooth legs. Well i guess i didn't notice i
was staring cuz she turned around and asked what was the matter, i said,
trying to stay calm, "nothing at all Kristine." She gave me a big smile
and sat down on the bed beside me.

     We sat there watching the movie for some time but then I noticed
something. We had finally reached the part in the movie where the girls
were giving each other tatoos on their breasts and as I looked out of the
corner of my eye I could see kristine glancing over at me, biting her
bottom lip softly and all the while edging closer and closer towards me.
Our hands lay beside one and other and I suddenly felt her fingers gently
playing with mine, gliding the tips up my palm and then slowly up and
down my arm. She looked up innocently at me and with a big smile asked,
"Are you getting hot Katie?". Oooh i could take that soo many ways. I
swallowed hard and barely whispered yes.
She keep staring at me, looking deep into my eyes, possibly looking for
something.

     Now I knew kristine wasn't bi or anything but I really felt like she
was gonna do something any moment though. With her running her finger
tips up and down my arm like that I was dieing for her to do something,
anything. She leaned in really close, moving her lips past my cheek to my
ear, breathing softly upon it, then whispering seductively, "I'm hot too
katie, lets go swimming." Her voice sent shivers up my spine, I wanted to
kiss her soo bad then and was just about to when she grabed me by the
hands and quickly lead me to the pool. We were standing at the edge of
the pool, barely dipping out toes in. Even though the air was extremely
hot the water was even colder. I said I didn't wanna get in, it was too
cold. I went to walk back in the house when she grabed me by the waist,
tossing me and her into the icy pool. We both came up out of the water
with a scream from the chill, I looked over at her devilishly and pounced
on top of her, dunking her under water but in my vain attempt she took me
under too.

     We quickly came out again only this time we were very very close to
each other. Our bodies lightly pressing against one and other, our
nipples barely touching. Realizing how incredibly close we were she
smiling shyly and began to back slowly away but I wouldn't have that
though. I reached out and wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her
body close to me, having her breasts melt into mine. We stared at each
other only for a brief moment, our lips now barely inches apart I
couldn't handle it any longer. I leaned in and gently but firmly kissed
her lips. Kissing them very lightly, letting her get used to the feel of
kissing another girl. But that didn't last long though. She opened her
mouth wide and allowed me to slide my tongue in, playing gently with
hers.

     I began to run my hands up her sides and then around to her tummy,
caressing it tenderly then letting my fingers barely fall beneath her
bikini bottoms, gliding them slowly back and forth under the material. I
inched my hand further down her bikini, finally reaching my destination.
I began to lightly glide my fingers along the outside of her pussy,
barely pushing the tips inside, feeling how wet and warm she was. With my
touch she let out a soft moan and began to suck on my tongue intensely,
taking my bottom lip between hers and nibbling upon it passionately as i
pushing my fingers slightly deeper, gliding them higher, inch by slow
inch.

     She began to move her hips with the rhythem of my hand, grinding
them back and forth, her pace building at my every touch. I pulled my
lips reluctantly from hers and moved them down her neck. Laying kisses
all along it, sucking upon it intensely, biting gently. She started to
breathe harder now as i left a small trail of kisses down her chest,
gliding my tongue very slowly between her breasts.
I pulled my fingers from her cunt, dragging them up her tummy and around
her waist. I raised both hands to her bikini and quickly untied the loose
bow, letting the straps fall slowly off her shoulders. I ran my fingers
down her arms, pulling away her top slowly, reviling her lovely breasts.
I took a few moments to take in this exciting wonder, her nipples were so
hard i couldn't help but move my kisses quickly over her shoulders and
upon her awaiting tits.

     I took her hard nipple between my lips and sucking on it firmly,
grazed my tongue over the tip, flicking it gently back and forth. With my
left hand i ran it up her side, gliding it over to her other firm breast,
massaging it heatedly. I ran my tongue all around her nipples, switching
from one to the other, kissing and nibbling passionately. The taste of
her soft breasts against my lips was driving me absolutely crazy. I put
my hands on her hips and lifted her out of the water and up on the edge
of the pool. I ran my hands slowly up her legs, starting at her knees and
working my way up her sexy thighs. I reached the tops of her bikini and
wrapped my fingers around them and tugged down slowly but steadly, past
her knees and finally her little feet.

     I slowly spread her legs open wider, moving in closer to her i felt
her wet little pussy pressing against my stomach. She began to move her
hips again, trying to stimualte her hard clit, wanting to cum so bad, but
i wouldn't let her quite yet though. I allowed her to rub herself for a
few more seconds, letting her get as wet as possible. I inched my tummy
away from her clit and with a frustrated moan she tried to move me back
but i then spread open her legs wide and began to kiss the inner most
parts of her thighs very lightly. She moaned again, this time deeper as I
kissed all around her bikini line, barely running my tongue against her
skin. I continued to kiss the soft outter skin of her cunt, laying little
kisses all along it. I moved my lips to the top of her waiting pussy, i
then began to slide the very tip of my tongue in, running it all along
the length of her sweet lips. I heard her begin to moan again so I slowed
my pace, teasing her, not wanting her to cum just quite yet. She
whispered and begged me to go deeper but with every plea I went slower.

     The taste of her warm pussy upon my lips was making me incredibly
horny, I had to taste every single inch of her. And with that i raised my
head from her sweetness, got out of the pool and quickly lead her up to
my bedroom, where this had all started earlier. As soon as we got through
my room she began to literly rip the clothes from me, herself and i now
totally naked. We began to kiss again and finally made our way to my bed.
I pushed her upon it gently and then climbed on top of her, stradling her
hips. As I inched my pussy up her tummy i told her to keep her hands
down, not to touch quite yet. I gliding up to her breasts, making sure
she had a excellent view of my pussy I then ran my fingers inside my
aching cunt, rubbing my clit hard. She reached up to try to touch me but
i said not yet, i continued to fuck myself, going very slowly, letting
her watch my every move.

     She stared intensely at my cunt, as my fingers slipped in and out I
watched her lick her lips, at that i removed my fingers and ran them over
her hungry mouth, letting her suck upon them. I slide down her body,
positioning my cunt in between her legs while leaning down and beginning
to kiss her, sharing my cum with her. Our kisses grow hotter and hotter
by the second, she started to rub her pussy against mine now, i pressed
back, feeling our clits touch our rhythem quickened. My fingers ran up
her sides, taking her breasts in my hands and massaging them passionately
as she careesed my back, moving further down, grabbing my ass while
whispering through our kisses for me to fuck her harder. I grinded my
hips harder into her now, her little pussy pressing back equally as hard.
She suddenly let out a deep moan, I felt her warm cum against my pussy,
running down my clit causing me to cum hard and intense.

     We stayed in that position for a few minutes, enjoying the warmth of
our bodies pressing together. As we lay beside one and other she happily
smiled at me, telling me how long she'd been wanting to be with me.
Giving her a little kiss and i told her I was all hers and she could want
me anytime and everywhere she pleased. We both smiled and kissed again,
hugging one and other we fell asleep in each others arms, sleeping
heavenly.....until the next morning:)

 
 
======================================== 
 
